Senior Software Engineer,"Ogma Inc. is seeking a Senior Software Engineer
capable to analyze, design, develop, test and deliver the quality
software. The incumbent should be an experienced senior architect and
technical leader with in-depth knowledge of software development
processes. As a senior member of the team in Armenia, the incumbent will
be working closely with other developers and his/her peers in the US and
other teams around the globe.","- Work with the Senior Architect in the US to get aligned with product
roadmaps and assume a key role in the development of these products;
- Design, proto-type, develop, and thoroughly unit test before
submitting to QA;
- Write technical and functional specifications and present them to the
other team members, and occasionally to the management;
- Work with the Quality Assurance team to develop and maintain unit
tests based on product functional specifications.","- Knowledge of UML architecture diagramming techniques;
- Minimum of 4 years of extensive development experience, and minimum of
4+ years with the following technologies:
a) ASP.NET for building the new Control Panel;
b) Pure C# code both on the middle tier and as part of the web UI layer
of ASP.NET;
c) IIS 6/ IIS 7 experience;
d) MS SQL Server 2000, 2005 or 2008 experience;
e) MSMQ Service;
- Familiarity with the .NET Framework, specifically the following
packages:
a) Messaging, threading, generic collections, custom controls and LINQ
to SQL classes and also ADO.NET;
- Experience with technologies such as XML, HTML, Resin, MyEclipse, Ant,
Junit, Subversion and related tools;
- Extensive programming experience with standard management and
instrumentation API's;
- Ability to work independently as well as with other members in the
group, preferably in a leadership role;
- Thorough understanding of software development processes and
methodologies and knowledge of complete product development life cycle;
- Strong inter-personnel skills, ability to work both independently and
as part of a global team and thrive on technical challenges;
- Excellent communication and writing skills, and experience in writing
product specifications and technical documentation.","Please e-mail your detailed CV to:hbaghdas@... indicating the position title in the subject line
of your e-mail.
Only short-listed candidates will be contacted. 
Please, mention the best time to contact you.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","The candidate must have a valid passport to travel.
The selected candidate will have the opportunity to travel to USA office
for training purposes.","Ogma Inc. is a U.S. based software development company
in California. It has an Engineering department that is responsible for
developing state-of-the-art web-based application suite."
