Website Developer  for Ministry of Diaspora,"This document, which incorporates terms of reference,
provides a principal outlines of the work to be done with a view to
building an official web site of the RoA Ministry of Diaspora. The
expected outcome of the work is a web site with a state-of-the-art
design, which is convenient for visitors from the RoA and the Diaspora
and which is equipped with a good navigation system, bases of useful
information, search system and other functional mechanisms.","Under the overall guidance of the Ministry of
Diaspora and direct supervision of the UNDP ARR, the website developer
will perform the following:
- Design/build a multi-lingual (up to 10 languages) web site in such a
way so as to enable the Ministrys unit in charge of the web site
maintenance to regulate the number of languages and to constantly
update, modify and edit the web site news, sections and databases;
- Provide technical support (corrections, necessary routine changes,
etc.) for one year after the transfer of the finalized web site to the
jurisdiction of the RoA Ministry of Diaspora.
Technical details and output 
The official web site of the RoA Ministry of Diaspora will be placed on
one of the servers located in the Office of the RoA Ministry of Diaspora
at the www.mindiaspora.am address. The server operates as a web server
using UNIX-based Operating System (Fedora9) and Apache. The database
will have to be operated through MySQL software. The server side
scripting has to be done through PHP. The Source Codes: PHP, XHTML,
JavaScript, etc. will be transferred to the jurisdiction of the RoA
Ministry of Diaspora.
The proposed design of the web site will have to be approved by the RoA
Ministry of Diaspora. Having a state-of-the-art design, this site will
at the same time have to be content-rich and have interlinked databases
of texts related to news, organizations, individuals, documents, etc.
and other information. These databases to be presented in the web site
as separate sections will have a multi-functional search systems and
will provide opportunities of most effective and convenient use for
visitors. 
The functionality of the use is one of the most important aspects of
this web site. The interface of the administrative part of the web site
is no less important. This interface will have to enable the designated
staff members from various Divisions of the Ministry to constantly input
and edit data in various databases through the access name and password
system with varying rights. The same privileges will have to be granted
to certain groups of visitors who will be duly authorized by the
designated persons of the Ministry to gain access only to the databases
related to them.
The news section of the web site will have to have a news e-mail
delivery system, which will make it possible to send the web site
information to various mailing lists of groups of organizations and
individuals from the databases in various languages, with various
frequency (hourly, daily, weekly or monthly) and in various formats
(Doc, HTML, RTF, Text, PDF).
Information texts should have an automatic system of hyperlinks, which
will lead to databases of organizations, individuals, documents and
other texts, if those are mentioned in the text of the information piece
and vice versa.
The information should have a system that will show another piece of
information related to a given piece of news.
The web site should have a forum and a voting management system.
Compatibility with other Internet browsers should also be taken into
consideration.
Tentative schedule for delivery
It is expected that the work of building an official web site of the RoA
Ministry of Diaspora will be implemented in 2 stages:
1. Stage One: Creation of the web site (elaboration of the structure,
design, programming, etc.) V about 1 month is allocated;
2. Stage Two: Technical support for the web site maintenance to be
provided for one year.","The applicants will be reviewed, if they meet
the following requirements:
- At least a 3-year professional experience in this field;
- Experience of building at least one similar web site (which is
adequate in scope and nature to the work outlined above);
- Sufficient experience in the area of web site creation and operation,
which is adequate in its nature, scope and complexity to the terms of
reference outlined in this document as well as completed, earlier
implemented assignments that contain the technical specifications
required by the TOR;
- An individual having strong qualifications in the areas of software
development, web design and network administration who will work under
the overall supervision of and consultation by the head of the
department and/or the company Unit and who will work closely with and
will get specific instructions by an authorized employee of the
Information and Communications Division of the RoA Ministry of Diaspora.","Applications can be submitted throughhttp://oc.undp.am/?go=vacancies&action=apply&ID=449 link, and
non-registered users must first get registered at:http://oc.undp.am/?go=vacancies&action=addCV or delivered hard copies to
the UN House Security Desk, 14, P. Adamyan Str. 
A complete application form should consist of a CV and copy of
diploma(s)/certificate(s).
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Only short listed applicants will be contacted.
Women candidates are encouraged to apply.
UNDP / UN House is a non-smoking environment.",NA
