Ad Developer ID No. 1,"To build up our European Sales Support Team in
Armenia, we are currently looking to recruit employees for the position
of Ad Developer. The Ad Development Team is responsible for customizing
our DoubleClick DART Enterprise system and peripheral tools, as used by
the Customer Care team and sales staff. Typical customizations could be
to develop templates for new ad formats, test new ad formats or
integrate with other systems like user databases, reporting tools, CRM
systems, SAP.","- Learn and understand the DoubleClick DART Enterprise technology and
functionality, understand the surrounding systems, and system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customizing and integrating the DoubleClick
AdServer software;
- Development and maintenance of our Sales supporting systems;
- Programming of pre-defined project assignments.","- Up to 2 years experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript;
- PHP and Flash experience is needed;
- University degree in computer science or a similar education is
desirable;
- It is an extra qualification if you have experience of Java and Perl;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English.
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality, who has fun solving technical
problems;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills, ability to
handle multiple priorities;
- Be able to work independently and understand your tasks quickly;
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- More than 1 year experience of system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Experience in high load systems would be desirable;
- Experience in Unix, C, SQL and Web server technology is nice to have.","Please send us your CV in English as well as an
Application letter answering below 2 questions to info@...
and state the profile No.1.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you realised (for
example a web site). Please give us some details and a good description
about your achievements.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","This is the same position as announced recently, but
we are looking for more candidates.","Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
