"Trainer/ Lecturer, Legislative Aspects of Anti-Corruption","Within the framework of its project on Capacity
Building Support to the National Assembly, the OSCE Office in Yerevan is
inviting Armenian or foreign nationals to apply for the position of
Trainer/ Lecturer, Legislative Aspects of Anti-Corruption Strategy for
the staff of the National Assembly. 
The trainings will be held in Yerevan with the tentative dates of 5-23
October, 2009. The subject will be taught in the course of 2-5 days.
Within the framework of the training programme, the Trainer/ Lecturer in
the course of several days will conduct interactive seminars on the
subject indicated above for a group of 15-20 National Assembly staff
members. Duration of each seminar: 1-3 hours.
In addition to conducting seminars, the Trainer/ Lecturer will be
requested to provide and co-ordinate with the Office the course plan,
outline reading materials, and might be asked to write an evaluation
report upon completion of the training.",NA,"- Scientific degree of at least MS level, PhD is preferred;
- At least 12 years of total work experience, including lecturing
experience;
- Excellent knowledge of corresponding (subject related) current
policies of the state;
- Excellent knowledge of relevant international experience;
- Excellent presentation/ teaching skills in Armenian, Russian or
English languages;
- Familiarity with the structure and functions of the National
Assembly;
- Experience of working in state institutions is preferred.","If you wish to apply for this position, please
use the OSCEs online application link found underhttp://www.osce.org/documents/pdf_documents/2004/09/13108-1.rtf.
Offline applications along with cover letter can be submitted directly
to the OSCE Office in Yerevan at the following address: 64/1, Sundukyan
street, Yerevan 0012, Republic of Armenia, or by e-mail quoting the
vacancy title to: Kristina.Aghayan@... .
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","The OSCE, as an equal opportunity organization,
encourages female candidates to apply. The OSCE Office in Yerevan will
use a transparent and competitive screening process. It will only
contact those applicants in whom there is further interest.",NA
