Flash Action Scripting Programmer,"At Lycos we are developing new online flash games for
our community portal and we are looking for a skilled Flash Action
Scripting programmer to fill this position.","Our designers and artists will supply you with
the graphics you need for the games, and your responsibility will be to
put all the graphics together and program the games and interfaces with
Flash Action Scripting.","- Expert in using Macromedia Flash MX 2004 Version 7;
- Expert in programming Flash Action Scripting 1.0;
- Expert in programming Flash Action Scripting 2.0;
- Knowledge of object oriented programming in Action Script;
- Knowledge of how to optimize Flash files (kb size & speed);
- Knowledge of Macromedia Director;
- Knowledge of Flash byte code;
- Little knowledge of HTML and CSS;
- Little knowledge of JavaScript and DHTML;
- Little knowledge of Databases like MySql;
- Little knowledge of PHP, JSP, ASP or other web based language.","Please send us your CV in English as well as an
Application letter to info@... and state in the profile
""Flash Action Scripting Programmer""
To better judge your skills, we would like to give you a small test
Project. 
One of our flash developers made a little drawing tool in flash active
scripting. Let's see if you can make a better tool. You can see the
little tool here : http://chatteam.jubii.dk/Job/flash.swf
We would like you to: 
Implement the same features as shown in the demo 
Make a nice user interface 
Implement the following new features: 
- Draw square boxes 
- Draw circles 
- Fill objects with a color 
- Make a UNDO function 
And finally implement a feature of your own choice to the demo. 
This test will be the main factor we will judge you on, so it is very
important that you deliver this demo together with your job application.
You can deliver this on a diskette, a CD or as a link if you have it on
the internet. 
Applicants who have not completed this test will not be taken into
consideration for this job. 
Please note that all job interviews will be in English. If you do not
speak any English, you should not apply for this job.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
companies, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
Lycos Communities is developing and operating the biggest and most
advanced chat in Europe along with a dating system, games and
entertainment."
