Web Designer/ Developer,"The incumbent will be responsible for the creation of
the official website of REC Caucasus Armenian Branch Office, which will
serve as a tool for raising public awareness, as well as will strengthen
cooperation and information exchange between the key stakeholders of the
project (government, civil society) as well as relevant regional
projects and initiatives.
The incumbent, under the supervision of Armenia BO, will be responsible
for the creation, initial maintenance and development of the website and
relevant training for REC Caucasus staff.  The website must have English,
Armenian and Russian pages, and will be linked to the official websites
of REC Caucasus. Updates of the website should be performed in a timely
manner. 
As a major expected output, public awareness on the activities of REC
Caucasus in Armenia and in the region will be improved and strengthened.","- Create tri-lingual website;
- Register and be responsible for the website hosting;
- Update information on the website on initial stages in English,
Armenian and Russian languages upon submission of the information by the
project staff;
- Design the website in accordance to corporate style of REC Caucasus.","- At least 3 years of experience in web development on nature, scale and
complexity commensurate with the present terms of reference (see
Technical Note);
- Advanced knowledge of web design, coding and system administration.","All interested and qualified candidates should
send their CVs to: Ms. Nune Harutyunyannune.harutyunyan@... . The email should consist of
- A full CV accompanied by a recent identity photograph;
- Links of created website(s).
Only short listed applicants will be contacted.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Technical Note: There should be three versions of the
website  English/ Armenian/ Russian. Source Codes (PHP, HTML,
JavaScript, etc.) will be property of  REC Caucasus. Pages should be
platform, screen (min.: 1024x768) and browser (IE 4+, Mozilla Firefox)
independent. The website should be updatable from any internet browser
via Content Management System (CMS).","The Regional Environmental Center for the Caucasus (REC
Caucasus)  is a non-commercial legal entity, registered in spring of
2000, following the decision made at the Sofia Ministerial Conference in
1995, to work for environment and sustainable development in the Caucasus
region. The founding document of REC Caucasus - its Charter -  was signed
by the governments of Armenia, Azerbaijan, Georgia and the European
Union."
