Developer/ Administrator for Customer Support Application,"A challenging opportunity has arisen for up to 3
developers/administrators to join our creative, professional and
multinational environment at Lycos Europe, involved in the design and
implementation of customer support related functionality (Change
Requests, Enhancements). The successful candidates should have ideally
some experience with workflow based or ticketing applications or
customer management tools (e.g. Remedy, Clarify, Siebel). The positions
will be mainly office based with occasional visits to our premise in
Gtersloh/Germany, if necessary to work with business representatives
during the design phase, deliver solutions and provide upgrades where
necessary/appropriate. These roles require extensive and ongoing
training. Thus, you are expected to be enthusiastic to learn and either
to travel to training sites in the UK or Sweden or to join on-site
trainings in Yerevan.","The key elements of these roles are development
and delivery of new or modified functionality based on our given Remedy
ARS platform. The candidates are required to work closely with the other
functional and technical members of the international Service Platforms
Team. This comprises a close relationship to the Test- and QA-Department
as well.","- Good knowledge of system integration and practical experience of
planning, designing and implementation architectures in complex
environments;
- Knowledge of Remedy AR System 5.x/6.x, Remedy Mid-Tier, Remedy email
engine and/or RAC certification would be advantageous; 
- Relevant experience is beneficial;
- UNIX
- Solaris
- SQL
- C/C++
- Crystal Reports
- ITIL
- SOAP/XML
- Java.","Please send your CV to info@....
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
companies, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
Lycos Communities is developing and operating the biggest and most
advanced chat in Europe along with a dating system, games and
entertainment."
