Senior Software Engineer,"Ogma Applications is seeking motivated Senior
Developers to work on its worldwide projects. The projects are web
applications utilizing latest technologies in video webcasting over
internet for web browsers, Televisions and telephone systems.
In order to succeed in this team, the incumbent must have the passion and
energy to work in an entrepreneurial, and fast paced environment. In
addition, the Senior Software Engineer must be an experienced senior
architect and technical leader with in-depth knowledge of software
development processes.
As a senior member of the team in Armenia, Senior Software Engineer will
be working closely with other developers and peers in the US and other
teams around the globe, to analyze, design, develop, test and deliver the
best in class software.","- Work with the Senior Architect in the US to get aligned with product
roadmaps and assume a key role in the development of these products;
- Design, proto-type, develop, and thoroughly unit test before submitting
to QA;
- Work with the Quality Assurance team to develop and maintain unit tests
based on product functional specifications.","- Knowledge of UML architecture diagramming techniques;
- Minimum of 5-8 years of extensive development experience, and minimum
of 5+ years with the following technologies:
1. ASP.NET for building the new Control Panel;
2. Pure C# code both on the middle tier and as part of the web UI layer
of ASP.NET;
3. IIS 6 and/or IIS 7 Experience;
4. MS SQL Server 2000, 2005 or 2008 Experience;
5. MSMQ Service.
- Ability to write technical and functional specifications and present
them to the other team members, and occasionally to the management;
- Familiarity with the .NET Framework, specifically the following
packages:
1. Messaging, Threading, Generic Collections, Custom Controls and LINQ to
SQL classes and also ADO.NET.
- Experience with technologies such as XML, HTML, Resin, MyEclipse, Ant,
Junit, Subversion and related tools;
- Extensive programming experience with standard management and
instrumentation API's;
- Ability to work independently as well as with other members in the
group, preferably in a leadership role;
- Thorough understanding of software development processes and
methodologies and knowledge of complete product development life cycle;
- Strong inter-personnel skills, ability to work both independently and
as part of a global team and thrive on technical challenges;
- Excellent communication and writing skills, and experience in writing
product specifications and technical documentation;
- Knowledge of the following is plus:
1. Microsoft Silverlight, Adobe Flash.","Intereted candidates should mail their resume
to: hbaghdas@.... Please apply only if you are a  qualified
candidate.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,NA
