Graphical/ Computer Designer/ Webmaster,"The Graphical/ Computer Designer/ Webmaster will be
primarily responsible for providing services related to graphical/
computer design of various MCA materials alongside with website update
related tasks.","- Design MCA-Armenias quarterly bulletin and coordinate the preparation
of bulletin issues;
- Design MCA-Armenia success stories, posters, maps and other
programmatic materials;
- Design MCA-Armenia banners, signs and plaques; 
- Compile and maintain MCA-Armenia photo archive and other PR materials;
- Regularly update the website by posting news, video pieces, updating
website sections; 
- Serve as a liaison between MCA-Armenia and service providers related to
graphical design and other relevant services; 
- Perform other relevant tasks and duties as requested by Senior
Management.","- Higher education Diploma in Information technologies, graphical/
computer design or other relevant disciplines;
- Demonstrated experience of at least 2 years as a Graphical Designer/
Webmaster;
- Highly skilled in using the following software programs: CorelDraw,
Photoshop and Abode PageMaker;
- Google Earth user, general understanding of coordinate system and
cartography is a plus; 
- Demonstrated knowledge of English and Armenian languages;
- Communicable and ability to interact constructively with the team,
responsible and flexible attitude.","All applications must be submitted in both
English and Armenian; and saved in either MS Word or Adobe PDF format.
Please be sure that your application includes the following:
1. A current Resume or Curriculum Vitae (CV); and 
2. Names and contact information of 3 referees. 
Please submit your application to: vacancy@... . Applications received
after the deadline will not be considered.  
All applications will be scored using the following evaluation criteria:
Education: 10 points; 
General experience: 15 points; 
Position-related specific experience: 50 points; 
Position-related specific knowledge: 25 points; 
Total: 100 points.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"The Government of the Republic of Armenia (GoA) has
received a grant from the Government of the United States of America
through the Millennium Challenge Corporation (MCC) to support a five-year
Program of strategic investments in irrigation and the rural roads
network, aimed at increasing agricultural production in poor rural areas
of the country. Further information regarding the MCC is available on
their website (www.mcc.gov) and information on the Armenia MCC Program is
available at the MCA-Armenia website (www.mca.am). 
The GoA has established the MCA-Armenia State Non-Commercial Organization
(SNCO), a legal entity responsible for the oversight, management and
implementation of the Compact. The MCA-Armenia is soliciting applications
from interested individuals for the following position within the SNCO."
