Photoshop Graphics Web Designer,"At Lycos we are developing a new Chat/Dating/Games
Community. In this community we will need a lot of different designs.
From graphics on WebPages, to icons, logos, smiles, chat room designs,
skin's etc. We are looking for a skilled creative Graphical Designer to
fill this position.","Our new community has the ability to change
design and interface completely. You will be responsible for designing
these interfaces and working with our HTML team to implement it on the
WebPages. You will also be responsible for doing web designs in
Photoshop and handing over to our HTML programmers. You are expected to
be creative on your own, and come up with new ideas for designs,
graphics and themes for our community products.","- Expert in Adobe Photoshop; 
- Expert in user interface designs; 
- Expert in website designs; 
- Expert in matching colors together; 
- Expert in design of logos, smiles and icons; 
- Good at optimizing the KB size of graphics files; 
- Knowledge of Adobe Illustrator; 
- Knowledge of Adobe ImageReady; 
- Knowledge of Macromedia Flash MX; 
- Little knowledge of Photo manipulation; 
- Little knowledge of Freehand drawing; 
- Little knowledge of HTML; 
- Knowledge of English language (speaking and writing).","Please send your application letter and CV in
English to: info@... and state in the profile ""Photoshop
Graphics Web Designer"".
To better judge your skills, we would like to give you a small test
Project. 
You must do the full layout and design of a chat room: 
The chat room is for people who are interested in Techno Music and
Techno parties, so the design must reflect that. The age group of the
people who will visit the room is 15-25 years. 
You can download and use our Photoshop chat-room template if you like
to: http://chatteam.jubii.dk/Job/ChatRoom.zip  
This test will be the main factor we will judge you on, so it is very
important that you deliver this design together with your job
application. You can deliver this on a diskette, a CD, as print or as a
link if you have it on the internet. 
Applicants who have not completed this test will not be taken into
consideration for this job. 
Please note that all job interviews will be in English. If you do not
speak any English, you should not apply for this job.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
