Website Developer/ Designer,"The present Terms of Reference aims to provide a
framework for (re-) creation of the UN Armenia Official bilingual
website. The website is expected to be of modern, simple and practical
design, user-friendly, with smooth navigation, good information resource
and working tool for the UN Agencies, partners and general public about
United Nations in general and UN Armenia in particular.
The implementation of the work of the incumbent should be under
supervision and guidance of the UN Communications Group Chair and in
close cooperation with UNCG members.
The description and timeline for the work to be performed under the
present Terms of Reference will be the following:
1st phase: Re-design of the already existing bilingual (English and
Armenian) website - 1 month; 
2nd phase: Restructure the whole navigation system, new architecture.
Create data bases (publications, photos, etc.) - 2 months;
3rd phase: Updated data transfer from the old to the new website, which
will also have additional new content - 2 months;
4th phase: Guidelines, manual and training for website administration - 1
month;
5th phase: Technical support, hosting arrangements, corrections, tuneup,
and perform other tasks related to website (this will be after the
website is handed over to UN Armenia) 2 months.
Technical note:
UN Armenia website should be of modern design, with simple and
user-friendly interface and menu. Smooth navigation should be ensured.
Usability is one of the most important aspects. The website should be
compatible with most of Web browsers, particularly with Internet Explorer
(starting from v.6.0), Mozilla Firefox (starting from v.2.0), Opera
(starting from v.9). It should also be compatible with various screen
sizes and resolutions. Accessibility issue for the disabled people should
be considered as much as possible. Use of client-side technologies, which
require installation of Browser add-ons, is not recommended.
As the information will be presented in English and in Armenian the user
should see the same page when switched to the other language. The website
should be implemented in Unicode. Each topic in the Web Site should have
link to printable version. Source codes should be under UN Armenia
ownership.",NA,"- University degree in Computer Science, Programming or relevant field;
- Advanced knowledge of the modern web development technologies, HTML,
ASP, PHP, SQL, JavaScript and knowledge of web design;
- 3-4 year relevant work experience in IT sector and/or web developer
(experience with UN or other international organization is an asset);
- Proven experience in web development field, solid portfolio of
accomplished web projects (applicant has
to present at least 5 Web Sites at similar scope developed);
- Good communication skills;
- Fluency in Armenian, English and/or Russian languages.","Applications can be submitted throughhttp://www.undp.am website, or delivered hard copies to the UN House
Security Desk, 14, P. Adamyan str., Yerevan. A complete application
should consist of full CV and copy of diploma(s)/ certificate(s). Only
shortlisted applicants will be contacted.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",Women candidates are encouraged to apply.,NA
