C++ Software Developer,"SFL LLC is looking for a Software Developer to support
critical work streams within Companys Software Engineering Team by
carrying out the key tasks in a full software development cycle including
design, prototyping, development, test and release as well as in
maintaining industry standard practices and processes for continual
improvement. The position will provide auxiliary, GUI and core code
development primarily in C++ on a daily, time-sensitive basis in response
to scheduled and/ or ad-hoc tasking. This position will also maintain
technical documentation and will require performance based reporting. For
an initial timeframe, this position can work from home with flexible
working schedule, while meeting high-quality standards for responsiveness
and follow-through. This role requires the ability to self-manage the
responsibilities of this position, work remotely with company staff, be
part of a dynamic, product and knowledge oriented software company, with
the desire to assume increasing responsibilities and grow with the
company.","- Professionally and effectively carry out software development tasks;
- Develop and maintain technical documentation;
- Report on the development status as scheduled or as requested;
- Provide general assistance to Technical Support as requested;
- Work with Marketing, Product and Sales Teams to apply lessons learned
to improve and enhance ongoing programs and product initiatives.","- Bachelor's degree in Computer Science or closely related discipline and
relevant experience;
- Windows C++ and GUI development experience is highly desired; Mac OS X
knowledge would be a key advantage; UML knowledge is a plus;
- Familiarity with image processing and graphics software packages is
desired (Adobe Photoshop is strongly recommended);
- Interest in image processing and photography is highly desirable;
- Excellence in both self-management and as a team player.","If interested, please email your CV to:hr@.... Please mention ""JobID 1060"" in the subject line of your
email. No personal visits, deliveries or phone calls, please. Only
shortlisted candidates will be notified for the interview.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"SFL LLC is a software development company, Microsoft Gold
certified partner. Main specialization is providing specific business
solutions. More details can be found at: www.sflpro.com."
