Ad Developer ID No. 3,"To build up our Engineering Team in Armenia, we are
currently looking for motivated technical persons to take over a new
position as a Developer. You will belong to a young and dynamic team
working on the advertising system (named DART Enterprise) and its
existing interfaces. You will work on very different projects like
customisation of the system, building of complex new interfaces, further
development of our reporting tools, technical support to our Sales
departments, etc. During these projects you will also work together with
your colleagues in different European countries.
Do you have fun by solving technical problems? Are you able to handle
multiple priorities and to approach the issues analytically? Would you
like to lead projects and work together with very international teams?
If yes, then you are definitely the right person for this job and we are
looking for your application!","- Learn and understand the DoubleClick DART Enterprise technology and
functionality, understand the surrounding systems, and system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the DoubleClick
AdServer software;
- Develop and maintain our Sales supporting systems;
- Program pre-defined project assignments.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 2 years of experience in Java, PHP, HTTP, Perl and advanced
SQL;
- Knowledge of Linux environments;
- Experience in high load systems;
- More than 1 year of experience in system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, curious, calm, thorough personality;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills;
- Strong understanding of the existing systems;
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- Ideally additionally knowledge in Apache modules and C / C++.","Please send your application letter and CV in
English answering the 2 questions below to: info@... and
state the profile No.3.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you have worked on in
detail (give us examples). What were your tasks and how did you deliver
them?
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
