Developer Ad Technology ID No. 2,"To build up our Engineering Team in Armenia, we are
currently looking for motivated technical persons to take over a new
position as a Developer. You will belong to a young and dynamic team
working on the advertising system (named DART Enterprise) and its
existing interfaces. You will work on very different projects like
customisation of the system, building of complex new interfaces, further
development of our reporting tools, technical support to our Sales
departments, etc. During these projects you will also work together with
your colleagues in different European countries. You will be a technical
key contact person for the users of the tool and will support them for
all technical purposes. You will be our programmer for new pre-defined
project assignments that are planned.Do you have fun by solving
technical complex problems? Can you approach the problems and the
requirements in a systematic and detailed manner? Do you enjoy working
in a team as a key player? Are you able to drive important projects
successfully and to document your work?
If yes, you are definitely the right person for this job and we are
looking for your application!","- Learn and understand the AdServing technology (DART Enterprise), its
functionality and then understand the surrounding systems and the system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the AdServer
software;
- You will be our key contact person for our reporting system and will
be responsible for its maintenance and all further technical
developments in the tool.","- More than 2 years of experience in Microsoft SQL Server and advanced
SQL queries;
- Experience in Java, ASP, VBScript;
- XML/XSL and IIS web server experience;
- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 1 year of experience in system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills;
- Reactive and independent in problems solving, document your work.
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- Experience in high load systems would be desirable.","Please send your application letter and CV in
English answering the 2 questions below to: info@... and
state the profile No.2.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you have worked on in
detail (give us examples). What were your tasks and how did you deliver
them?
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
