Senior Developer Ad Technology,"To build up our Engineering Team in Armenia, we are
currently looking for a motivated technical Senior Developer. You will
belong to a young and dynamic team working on the advertising system
(named DART Enterprise) and its existing interfaces. As a team leader
you will work on very different projects like customisation of the
system, building of complex new interfaces, further development of our
reporting tools, technical support to our Sales departments, etc. You
will drive projects in a rapidly changing environment and will have to
work effectively with people across the organisation. You will be our
expert regarding the architecture and functionality of our AdServer
system and will have an excellent understanding of its technical
capabilities. You will be our technical project manager for complex
technical projects which require technical experience and a strong and
varied knowledge. To be successful you need to have the ability to
engage complex business and technical challenges confidently in order to
make the right tradeoffs. 
Are you an outstanding decision maker? Are you able to assign tasks with
an excellent planning of skills and give precise instructions? Do you
work goal oriented and have an excellent faculty of judgement and
thinking?
If yes, then you are definitely the right person for this job an","- Learn and understand the AdServing technology (DART Enterprise), its
functionality and then understand the surrounding systems and the system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the AdServer
software;
- Prepare the technical recommendations and define our technical
specifications taking our business requirements into account for
development projects, assign the resources correctly;
- Completion of development projects within agreed time-frames. Perform
work planning, development, and second level support for business
departments.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 5 years of experience in system development;
- Genuine knowledge of enterprise systems;
- Previous experience in ad systems is desirable;
- Experience in Unix, Java, PHP, Perl, C, XML/XSL, advanced SQL
knowledge and Web server technology;
- Experience in administering Oracle, MS SQL Server and/or Apache would
be advantageous;
- Basic understanding of operation and administration of ad tech and
enterprise systems;
- Work experience as a technical project manager is beneficial;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality, who has fun solving technical
problems;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills, ability to
handle multiple priorities;
- Good communication abilities in an international environment.","Please send your application letter and CV in
English answering the 2 questions below to: info@....
Question 1: Describe the stages of a small development project
preferably by using a project you undertook as an example! 
Question 2:  Explain what is most important in your opinion to make a
project successful and define in detail what are the measurement
criteria for success.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
