Developer Ad Technology ID No. 1,"To build up our Engineering Team in Armenia, we are
currently looking for motivated technical persons to take over a new
position as a Developer. You will belong to a young and dynamic team
working on the advertising system (named DART Enterprise) and its
existing interfaces. You will work on very different projects like
customisation of the system, building of complex new interfaces, further
development of our reporting tools, technical support to our Sales
departments, etc. During these projects you will also work together with
your colleagues in different European countries.
Do you have fun by solving technical problems? Are you able to handle
multiple priorities and to approach the issues analytically? Can you
work independently in a European organisation? 
If yes, you are definitely the right person for this job and we are
looking for your application!","- Learn and understand the AdServing technology (DART Enterprise), its
functionality and then understand the surrounding systems and the system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- You will become an expert in customising and integrating the AdServer
software;
- You will also be the technical key contact person for the trafficking
team in Armenia to support them for all technical purposes (for example
problem solving regarding creatives, new advertising format
implementation/ coding, write templates, mapping files, etc.);
- You will support us for our technical projects with your expertise.","- Up to 2 years of experience in HTML, CSS, JavaScript;
- Experience in PHP and Flash;
- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- It is an extra qualification if you have experience of Java and Perl;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality;
- Analytically strong, excellent organizational skills, quick
understanding of your tasks.
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- More than 1 year of experience in system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Experience in high load systems would be desirable;
- Experience in Unix, C, SQL and Web server technology is nice to have.","Please send your application letter and CV in
English answering the 2 questions below to: info@... and
state the profile No.1.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you realised (for
example a web site). Please give us some details and a good description
about your achievements.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
