Ad Developer ID No. 2,"To build up our European Sales Support Team in
Armenia, we are currently looking to recruit employees for the position
Ad Developer. The Ad Development Team is responsible for customising our
DoubleClick DART Enterprise system and peripheral tools, as used by the
Customer Care team and sales staff. Typical customisations could be to
develop templates for new ad formats, test new ad formats or integrate
with other systems like user databases, reporting tools, CRM systems,
SAP.","- Learn and understand the DoubleClick DART Enterprise technology and
functionality, understand the surrounding systems, and system
architecture as it maps to our business needs.
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the DoubleClick
AdServer software.
- Development and maintenance of our Sales supporting systems.
- Programming of pre-defined project assignments.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 1 year of experience in system development. A previous
experience in ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Experience in high load systems would be desirable;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality, who has fun solving technical
problems;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills, ability to
handle multiple priorities.
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- More than 2 years of experience in ASP, VBScript, Java, Microsoft SQL
Server and advanced SQL requests is essential;
- XML/XSL and IIS web server experience are beneficial.","Please send your Application letter and CV in
English answering the 2 questions below to: info@... and
state the profile No.2.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you have worked on in
detail. What were your tasks and how did you deliver them?
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
