Developer Ad Technology,"To build up our Engineering Team in Armenia, we are
currently looking for motivated technical persons to take over a new
position as a Developer. You will belong to a young and dynamic team
working on the advertising system (named DART Enterprise) and its
existing interfaces. You will work on very different projects like
customisation of the system, building of complex new interfaces, further
development of our reporting tools, technical support to our Sales
departments, etc. During these projects you will also work together with
your colleagues in different European countries.","- First of all you will have to learn and understand the AdServing
technology (DART Enterprise) and its functionality. You should then
understand the surrounding systems and the system architecture as it
maps to our business needs;
- You will become an expert in customising and integrating the AdServer
software. You will be our expert regarding the architecture and
functionality of our AdServer system and will have an excellent
understanding of its technical capabilities;
- You will be our technical key contact person for complex technical
projects which require technical experience and a strong and varied
knowledge. For those project you will be the technical project manager.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education needed;
- More than 2 years of experience in Java, PHP, HTTP, Perl and advanced
SQL; 
- Knowledge of Apache modules and C/ C++; 
- Knowledge of Linux environments;
- Experience in high load systems; 
- More than 1 year of experience in system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills; 
- Curious, strong understanding of the existing systems.","Please send us your CV in English and an
application letter answering the 2 questions below to:info@... and state the profile No.1. 
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you have worked on in
detail (give us examples). What were your tasks and how did you deliver
them?
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
