Educational Web Content Developer,"The Tumo Center for Creative Technologies is looking
for an experienced and energetic specialist who will be responsible for
creating activities in the area of web development. Tumo's educational
methodology is based on a large set of self-instructional activities that
each of Tumo's thousands of students assemble into personal learning
plans in the areas of animation, game development, web development and
digital media. With the assistance of Learning Coaches, students submit
responses and upload their work for each of these activities in a
video-game-like environment. The Educational Web Content Developer will
be responsible for creating learning activities such as tutorials,
exercises and project assignments in web development, which is one of
Tumo's four focus areas. Activity creation will be based on guidelines
developed by the Educational Content Development team. The Educational
Web Content Developer will report to the Head of Educational Content and
will collaborate with both content developers and learning coaches.","- Assist the content development team in the process of developing,
testing and fine tuning all the web development activity content,
research and suggest new approaches in activity creation focusing on
website structuring/ coding;
- Brainstorm and mock up activity ideas that would develop students' web
development skills, present them to the content development group and
offer solutions of their integration to the existing curriculum;
- Provide second tier support to users and coaches;
- Be versatile with technologies and able to perform development tasks
and quality control measures;
- Contribute to the production of web assets;
- Assist in testing and evaluating the educational content.","- Substantial experience and academic background in the area of Web
Development;
- Strong knowledge of web authoring tools including but not limited to
Action Script 3.0, JavaScript, CSS and HTML5;
- Experience in education is a plus;
- Ability to work both independently and in a team;
- Ability to work productively on a regular basis;
- Strong communication skills.","To apply, please send a brief cover letter,
resume and a portfolio to: jobs@... . In the subject line of your
email, please mention Educational Web Content Developer. Also include
the contact information of your direct supervisors from recent positions
whom we can contact for reference checks. Incomplete and late
applications will not be reviewed. Only shortlisted candidates will be
interviewed.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Tumo is an after-school learning center in Yerevan where
teenagers acquire digital media skills free of charge. Company now has
over 6,000 users attending on a regular basis and participating in our
innovative, self-paced program. Tumo's educational framework is based on
a proprietary platform which promotes learning through interactive
game-like levels, exposing users to increasingly challenging activities."
