Senior Technical Specialists (Social Protection),"Chemonics seeks Senior Technical Specialists for the
anticipated USAID-funded social protection project in Armenia. The
project will provide technical assistance to the government of Armenia to
implement the new pension system that promotes old-age income security in
fiscally sound and sustainable environment. The project will assist the
government to establish a system of Integrated Social Services and help
to implement internationally compliant and effective pension and social
protection system. The overarching goal of this project is to assist the
Armenian government to reduce poverty, strengthen social services
institutions, and empower Armenian citizens to exercise their social
protection rights and responsibilities.","- Provide leadership, management and technical direction; 
- Manage and supervise personnel, as well as subcontractors and client
relationships;
- Ensure that all project assistance is technically sound and
appropriate;
- Assist project's chief of party with budgeting and ensure timely
completion of deliverables; 
- Contribute to monitoring and evaluation, as well as strategic
communications.","- Advanced degree in Business Administration, Economics, Finance,
International development or other relevant fields; 
- At least 10 years of experience in implementing and managing USAID or
other donor-funded projects to improve economic growth in developing
countries; experience as a component leader is preferred;   
- Demonstrated experience in implementing social, finance, or private
sector development projects with specialization in social services reform
or multi-pillar pension reform; or demonstrated legal experience; or
demonstrated experience in public relations and communications;
- Exceptional interpersonal and managerial skills with proven ability to
build strong and collaborative relationships with USAID staff, senior
government officials, counterparts, partners/ subcontractors and
beneficiaries; 
- Effective interpersonal skills, creative problem solving, and ethical
management skills; 
- Excellent oral and written communication skills; 
- Fluency in written and spoken Armenian and English  languages.","Qualified applicants should include a cover
letter highlighting relevant experience and a current CV including a list
of 3 references with contact information. Please include the position
title in the subject line. Send electronic submissions to:ArmeniaSocial@... by June 30 2012. No telephone inquiries,
please. Finalists will be contacted.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Chemonics International is a consulting company
specialized in the field of international development, operating in more
than 140 countries around the globe. To lean more about the organization,
please visit: www.chemonics.com."
