Software Developer,"Software Delivery is one of the service offerings of
HSBC Technology and Services (HTS). It is the software manufacturing
discipline within HTS that drives the development of HSBCs Retail and
Commercial systems enabling HSBC to remain on the leading edge in the
development and delivery of high quality, customized banking systems. It
provides tailored, cost-competitive and robust banking solutions and
services that offer a flexible and scalable framework for delivering
projects on time, within budget and with high quality, meeting both
current and future IT challenges of the Group.
This job requires deep knowledge of programming skills and application
design, as well as knowledge of Banks operations and workflow of all
departments. The jobholder is required to understand user needs and offer
and develop best fault resistant solution. (S)He is also required to
participate in all the steps of the software project, from design to
implementation, and post implementation support. The incumbent will
provide necessary technical and design documentation.","- Participate in all cycles of software design and development;
- Assure full conformance of source codes to provided Coding Standards; 
- Read, understand and modify the existing code;
- Assist in the development of accompanying Technical Documentation;
- Provide technical support and assistance, if requested; 
- Ensure compliance to all HSBC and local regulations, procedures, 
policies and standards.","- At least 3 years of experience in software development/ Knowledge of
ASP/ C#, JAVA , VBA; knowledge of .NET and web related technologies;
- At least 3 years of experience in working with databases and mainframe
platforms (MS SQL/ DB2);
- Strong knowledge of OOP principles;
- Analytical and practical approach towards problem solving;
- University degree from an acceptable course of study in Information
Technology (Computer Sciences) or related area;
- Excellent knowledge of English and Armenian languages;
- Ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines.","All interested and qualified candidates are
encouraged to fill in HSBC Application Form attached to this announcement
or located at: www.hsbc.am website and email it to:vacancy.armenia@... . Please put on the subject line of your e-mail
""Software Developer"". Only short-listed candidates will be invited for
interviews.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"HSBC Bank Armenia was established as a closed joint stock
company under the name Midland Armenia Bank J.S.C. on 1996 and has been
renamed into HSBC Bank Armenia cjsc on 1999. The bank is a joint venture
between the HSBC Group, which has a 70% ownership, and members of
overseas Armenian businesses with 30% ownership. HSBC Bank Armenia CJSC
offers a wide range of products and services to individual as well as
corporate customers in Armenia and abroad."
