Educational Game Content Developer,"The Tumo Center for Creative Technologies is looking
for an experienced and energetic specialist who will be responsible for
creating activities in the area of game development.
Tumos educational methodology is based on a large set of
self-instructional activities that each of Tumo's thousands of students
assemble into personal learning plans in the areas of animation, game
development, web development and digital media. With the assistance of
Learning Coaches, students submit responses and upload their work for
each of these activities in a video-game-like environment. The
Educational Game Content Developer will be responsible for creating
learning activities such as tutorials, exercises and project assignments
in game development, which is one of Tumo's four focus areas. Activity
creation will be based on guidelines developed by the Educational Content
Development team. The Educational Game Content Developer will report to
the Head of Educational Content and will collaborate with both content
developers and learning coaches.","- Assist the content development team in the process of developing,
testing and fine tuning all the game development activity content,
research and suggest new approaches in activity creation focusing on game
design;
- Brainstorm and mock up activity ideas that would develop students game
development skills, present them to the content development group and
offer solutions of their integration to the existing curriculum;
- Provide second tier support to users, coaches and examiners on content
reviews;
- Organize game-related events; 
- Supervise/ provide helpful feedback on game related workshops/
projects;
- Manage and supervise game room;
- Be versatile with technologies and able to perform game design tasks;
- Assist in testing and evaluating the educational content.","- Substantial experience in developing video game;
- Intermediate level knowledge of programming;
- Knowledge of Action Script 3.0, JavaScript and C++;
- Knowledge of game development tools (Unreal Engine, Unity and Source
Engine);
- Experience in education or working with kids is a plus;
- Passion for playing and making games;
- Ability to work both independently and in a team;
- Ability to work productively on a regular basis;
- Strong communication skills and self-motivated personality.","To apply, please send a brief cover letter,
resume and a portfolio to jobs@... . In the subject line of your
email, please mention Educational Game Content Developer. If available
please send a portfolio that showcases your skills and backgrounds. Also
include the contact information of your direct supervisors from recent
positions whom we can contact for reference checks. Incomplete
applications will not be reviewed. Only shortlisted candidates will be
interviewed. The application deadline is 31 October 2012. Applications
received after the closing date will not be considered.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Tumo is an after-school learning center in Yerevan where
teenagers acquire digital media skills free of charge. Tumo now has over
6,000 users attending on a regular basis and participating in our
innovative, self-paced program. Tumo's educational framework is based on
a proprietary platform which promotes learning through interactive
game-like levels, exposing users to increasingly challenging activities."
