Database Programmer,"The USAID ""Clean Energy and Water"" Program provides
assistance to the Government of Armenia to build capacities for river
basin management planning in Armenia. Under this task, activities aimed
at development of a Decision Support System (DSS) for water resources
management will be implemented. 
During the last decade the impact of the human economic activities on
water resources has been gradually increasing. Dynamics of growth of
water use and increase of pressure on water resources lead to competing
water uses and negative impact on natural ecosystems. In order to achieve
more effective water resources management and protection, a modern DSS
for integrated water resources management needs to be developed. The
system should meet modern requirements, in terms of calculation of water
supply and demand balance with consideration of impacts of climate change
in a longer perspective and development of economic sectors, estimation
of ecological status of the river basin, integration of economic
parameters in water resources management and protection and optimization
of decisions based on economic efficiency.
The new DSS is proposed to be programmed within the Geographical
Information System (GIS) environment and will eventually serve as a
dynamic tool for river basin management planning for WRMA and BMOs,
towards integrated water resources management in the river basin. It can
also be used by other stakeholders for formulating their short-term and
long-term water demand and development programs, based on projections of
the water supply/availability under various conditions and potential of
the resource, as well as optimal decisions based on economic efficiency.","- Program the Water Balance module of the Hydrological component of DSS,
including:
a) a tool for determination of annual precipitation as a part of
calculation of water balance;
b) a tool for determination of annual  evaporation as a part of
calculation of water balance;
c) a tool for calculation of natural flow as a part of calculation of
water balance.
More specific activities under this task include:
i) Transferring data from MS Excel and DBF tables into ArcGIS
geodatabases; specifically to appropriate fields of attribute tables of
GIS layers;
ii) Conducting calculations used in the hydrological model (to obtain
annual average values for natural river flow, water supply and demand,
water balance and ecological status of surface waters, flood zones and
hydropower potential);
iii) Generating series of raster images based on the above-mentioned
calculations;
- Test the Water Balance module of the Hydrological component with
Vorotan river basin data;
- Program a tool for calculation of water supply and demand balance;
- Program a tool for estimation of ecological flow and ecological
status;
- Develop overall GIS user interface for the Hydrological Component of
DSS, including a toolbar within ArcMap to run separate model components;
- Program the climate change component and constructing linkages to the
Hydrological component of the DSS;
- Program the economic component and constructing linkages to the
Hydrological component of the DSS;
- Develop the ArcGIS interface, including a toolbar within ArcMap, for
climate change and economic components;
- Test and debug the system and finalization.","- Masters degree in computer sciences or in relevant disciplines;
- Deep knowledge on databases, GIS and VBA (Visual Basic for
Applications);
- Minimum 3 years of practical experience in database programming under
GIS applications;
- Technical knowledge of English language.","Please send a cover letter and a resume in
English language to the attention of Mikayel Koshkaryan at: cew@...
. Please clearly mention ""Database Programmer"" in the subject line. Only
shortlisted candidates will be contacted. No phone calls, please.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Mendez England and Associates (ME&A) is a consulting firm
in Bethesda, Maryland, USA with nearly 30 years of experience in
international development around the world. The primary client of Mendez
England and Associates has been the US Agency for International
Development (USAID).
ABOUT:  The CEW Program is a four-year USAID program implemented by the
Armenian branch of Mendez England and Associates (ME&A). The goal of the
Program is to develop and implement an integrated energy and water
strategy for Armenia. It will accomplish this goal through four tasks
including:
- Build capacity for river basin planning;
- Implement demonstration projects to improve energy and water
management;
- Improve legal and policy framework for water resources;
- Coordinate activities of international development donor agencies in
the water sector."
