Developer (m/f) ID No. 4,"We are looking for motivated technical persons to take
over a new position as a Developer. You will belong to a young and
dynamic team working with the advertising system and its existing
interfaces. You will work on very different projects like customisation
of the system, building of complex new interfaces, further development
of our reporting tools. During these projects you will also work
together with your colleagues in different European countries.","- Have to learn and understand the AdServing technology (DART
Enterprise) and its functionality;
- Understand the surrounding systems and the system architecture as it
maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the AdServer software
and be our expert regarding the architecture and functionality of our
AdServer system and have an excellent understanding of its technical
capabilities;
- Support the other teams working with the AdServing technology and be
their main technical contact for maintenance and new requirements.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- Excellent knowledge of Java and C/C++;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills;
- Curious, strong understanding of the existing systems;
- Knowledge of Apache module and Linux environments would be needed;
- PHP, HTML, JavaScript and CSS are a big advantage;
- Experience in high load systems is desirable.","Please send us your CV in English as well as an
Application letter to: info@... and state the profile No.4/
AdTech.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Do you have fun by solving technical problems? Are
you able to handle multiple priorities and to approach the issues
analytically? Would you like to lead projects and work together with
very international teams?
If yes, then you are definitely the right person for this job and we are
looking for your application!","Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
