Software Development Manager,"AtTask builds software that helps people get organized
and work together. The company needs a Software Development Manager to
lead a group of Java developers and help deliver on the promise of
Enterprise Work Management. As a Development Manager with AtTask, the
incumbent will help AtTask take its technology, processes and
organization to the next level. The primary focus of this role is to
drive the creation of world-class software through a combination of
technical expertise, thought leadership, and direct management of several
engineers. The Software Development Manager will help the team develop
their skills and become more innovative, productive and successful at
their craft. The incumbent will also contribute to the development of the
AtTask application 20-30% of the time by contributing on an Agile team,
choosing what they want to work on and executing at a rapid pace.
Company's success is based on hiring top talent, so the incumbent can
expect to spend his/ her days interacting with like-minded people who
share his/ her passion for building great software and believe in the
AtTask mission.","- Provide leadership by providing context and direction to company's
developers;
- Guide and mentor your team and those around you;
- Move fast and ship fast in a continuous delivery model;
- Work with members of Product Management, UX, and QA on cross-functional
teams;
- Contribute in a meaningful way to the success of AtTask;
- Design and build amazing new features using Java/ J2EE, HTML, CSS and
Javascript;
- Demonstrate technical excellence by delivering enterprise-grade
quality.","- Bachelor's degree in Software Engineering or Computer Sciences;
Advanced degree in Business Management, Technology or Planning is
desirable;
- Over 8 years of technical experience in software research/ development
with 2 years in development management;
- Fluent knowledge of written and spoken English language;
- Awesome at:
a) High performance software delivery in a team;
b) Communication, Organization and Vision;
c) Agile software development;
d) Team-centric software development;
e) Saas business model;
f) Java/ J2EE;
g) SQL (Oracle and MySQL);
h) Javascript;
i) HTML5/ CSS;
- Experience with: 
a) MooTools, JQuery and Less;
b) Git;
c) Open source projects;
d) JUnit/ Selenium;
- Knowledge of the tech or process no one has thought of that will change
the way people work or build software.","All qualified and interested candidates should
submit their CVs/ resumes to: jobs.armenia@... . Please mention
""JobID 0613"" in the subject line of your email. Only shortlisted
candidates will be notified for the interview.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"AtTask is a project management software company based in
Utah. Please read more about the company, visiting: www.attask.com."
