Software Development Summer Internship,"Internship opportunities are available at the Armenian
branch of Synergy International Systems, Inc. For these courses Synergy
Armenia seeks undergraduate (2nd,3rd or 4th year students) or magistracy
students with the desire to acquire knowledge and experience in the field
of Software Development. During an internship the incumbents have an
excellent opportunity to gain an insight into the different areas of
software development. In a dynamic team, they are able to gather valuable
experience and to combine the theory of university with practical
knowledge. The incumbents that demonstrate the best achievements are
offered positions with Synergy Armenia.","- Develop and maintain web-based applications
using Java Web technologies and databases.","- Education in a related field;
- Proficiency in technical English language;
- Basic knowledge of Object-oriented programming and programming skills;
- Previous knowledge of technologies and platforms that may assist in
learning web development in Java environment is an advantage;
- Ability to quickly learn and apply what has been learned in practice;
- Ability to work as part of a team and good inter-personal skills;
- Motivated young people with enthusiasm and energy;
- Pro-active and eager to learn and develop;
- Good technical and analytic skills.","If interested, please send your resume with a
cover letter, clearly mentioning in the subject line Internship, listing
your qualifications, software development related experience, and
indicating your contact details (phone, fax, and/or e-mail address where
you can be reached) to: careers@... . Training sessions will
be conducted in July  August, 2013. Your resumes will be reviewed till
June 15, 2013. Candidates who meet the above qualifications will be
short-listed, tested and interviewed. Selected candidates will be
notified for the interview dates directly.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this internship opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of
its website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated web-based information
management systems."
