Flash Action Scripting Programmer,"At Lycos we are developing new online flash games for
our community portal and we are looking for a talented programmer with
extremely strong knowledge of Math/Geometry and Physics to fill this
position. We need someone who is strong in technical programming (C++ or
Java) and familiar with ActionScript. Those who are not familiar with
ActionScript but are willing to learn and work with it can also apply
for this position.","- Program games and interfaces with Flash ActionScript using various
math algorithms;
- Able to solve basic tasks connected with objects gravitation,
acceleration, angle of rotation etc.","- Strong knowledge of mathematics, geometry and physics (able to apply
different math formulas to design objects in computer graphics); 
- Expert in object oriented programming with C++ or Java; 
- Knowledge of Action Script is desired; 
- Knowledge of Macromedia Flash MX 2004 is desired; 
- Basic knowledge of JavaScript and DHTML is desired;
- Have a clear idea of objects movement and interaction rules.","Please send us your CV in English toinfo@... and state in the subject line ""Flash Action
Scripting Programmer"". If you have done any work in flash before, please
send it together with your job application (on a diskette, a CD or as a
link if you have it on the internet). If we call you to a job interview,
we would like to test your skills by giving you a small project. This
project will contain elements of geometry and math calculus and will be
the main factor for your consideration for this job. Please note that
all job interviews will be in English. Those who don't speak any English
should not apply for this job.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is a European Internet company that
operates a pan-European network of websites in nine languages. Lycos
Communities is developing and operating a chat in Europe along with a
dating system, games and entertainment."
