Researcher for Country Assessment of Health and Insurance Aspects,"Nature of the Consultancy:
Research and analysis, Armenia country assessment of health related
factors affecting reintegration of migrants and assessment of gaps in
insurance for migrants in Armenia.
Objective:
To inventory factors that play a role in the reintegration process of
migrants with a chronic medical condition, to map the health care
infrastructure (including available insurance packages for various
categories) and assess the local conditions that facilitate integration
in Armenia.
Target:
Republic of Armenia (RA) Ministry of Health, medical and healthcare
institutions, RA Ministry of Labour and Social Issues, RA Central Bank,
RA Ministry of Economy, relevant bodies of the Armenian Government,
project counterparts, IOM international research coordinator, migrants,
returning migrants, insurance companies, etc.  
IOM Project to which the Consultancy is contributing: Measures to
Enhance the Assisted Voluntary Return and Reintegration of Migrants with
a Chronic Medical Condition Residing in the EU (AVRR-MC) Regional
Project.","Under the supervision of the Head of Project
Development and Implementation Unit the Local Researcher will be
responsible for performing the following duties:
- Prepare and submit for approval a methodology to conduct the analysis,
including preparation of a questionnaire for collecting information from
the main stakeholders; 
- Conduct desk review, information gathering, preparation of
questionnaires, data collection procedures, among other aspects;
- Collect local studies/ reports on return migration and health and
extract relevant data supporting the identification of factors playing a
role in the reintegration process of the target group;
- Conduct meetings and interviews with the relevant Government
institutions and stakeholders;
- In conjunction with IOM Mission in Armenia identify returnees with a
medical condition, physicians, and other key informants and conduct
interviews based on questionnaire developed by the international research
coordinator; 
- Make progressive reports on implementation of the activities to IOM
Armenia and to research coordinator as agreed;
- Produce an analysis report on gaps in health care system for migrants
and returnees with medical problems with specific recommendations.
Describe relevant health care and/ or social law, policies, services and
infrastructures (urban vs. rural) and their degree of implementation; the
access of returnees and migrants to the public and private health care
systems and health insurance, the costs involved. Include information and
analysis on the insurance system available for various categories of
migrants;  
- Meet the deadlines set for the assignments;
- Ensure tangible and measurable output of the work assignment;
- Prepare local report containing requested data;
- Provide realistic delivery dates and details as to how the work must be
delivered.","- Completed advanced university degree in Social Science, Political
Science, Economics, or Medicine. Specialization in Statistics is highly
desirable. Education in a migration and development related field is an
asset;
- Experience in similar research, surveys and analysis;
- Excellent writing, communication and negotiation skills; ability to
prepare clear and concise reports. Excellent analytical skills;
- High level of computer literacy (MS Office, Internet, etc.) and use of
relational database management systems and statistical analysis software
packages. Knowledge in data collection, storage, security and sharing is
essential;
- Excellent knowledge of English, Armenian and Russian languages.","Interested candidates are kindly requested to
submit CV by e-mail: IOMArmenia@... . Hard copies can be sent to: 14
Petros Adamyan street, UN House, Yerevan 0010, Republic of Armenia. No
phone calls, please. Only short-listed candidates will be contacted.
Please note that this is a short-term consultancy opportunity.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","The consultancy will be performed during July 20 
October 15, 2013 with the following delivery timeframe:
- Methodology and questionnaire production  July 25, 2013;
- Desk research, interviews, and data collection  July  September 1,
2013;
- Submission of the local report  October 15, 2013.","IOM is an inter-governmental structure, uniting 151
member states and 12 as observers.  Established in 1951 to resettle
European displaced persons, refugees and migrants, IOM has become an
international organization for migration to encompass a variety of
activities.
ABOUT:  This project will contribute to enhancing sustainable return and
reintegration of migrants with a chronic medical condition residing in
the EU back to their countries of origin. In order to achieve its
objective, the project will - aside from providing direct assistance -
focus on capacity building and improved awareness of the specific needs
of migrants with a chronic medical condition."
