Software Developer,"Software Delivery is one of the service offerings of
HSBC Technology and Services (HTS). It is the software manufacturing
discipline within HTS that drives the development of HSBC's Retail and
Commercial systems. It provides tailored, cost-competitive and robust
banking solutions and services that offer a flexible and scalable
framework for delivering projects on time, within budget and with high
quality, meeting both current and future IT challenges of the Group. This
job requires deep knowledge of programming skills and application design,
as well as knowledge of Bank's operations and workflow of all
departments. The jobholder is required to understand user needs and offer
and develop best fault resistant solution. S/ he will also be required to
participate in all the phases of software projects, from design to
implementation, as well as post implementation support. The incumbent
will provide necessary technical and design documentation.","- Participate in all cycles of software design and development;
- Assure full conformance of source codes to provided Coding Standards;
- Read, understand and modify the existing code;
- Assist in the development of accompanying Technical Documentation;
- Provide technical support and assistance, if requested;
- Ensure compliance with all HSBC and local regulations, procedures, 
policies and standards.","- University degree from an acceptable course of study in Information
Technology (Computer Sciences) or related area;
- At least 3 years of experience in software development;
- Knowledge of ASP/ C#, JAVA , VBA, knowledge of .NET and web related
technologies;
- At least 3 years of experience in working with databases and mainframe
platforms (MS SQL/ DB2);
- Strong knowledge of OOP principles;
- Excellent knowledge of Armenian language. Good knowledge of English and
Russian languages;
- Good communication skills, team work, analytical and practical approach
towards problem solving.","All interested and qualified candidates are
encouraged to fill in HSBC Application Form attached to this announcement
or located at: www.hsbc.am website and email it to:vacancy.armenia@... . Please put on the subject line of your e-mail
""Software Developer"". Only short-listed candidates will be invited for
interviews.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"HSBC Bank Armenia was established as a closed joint stock
company under the name Midland Armenia Bank J.S.C. on 1996 and has been
renamed into HSBC Bank Armenia cjsc on 1999. The bank is a joint venture
between the HSBC Group, which has a 70% ownership, and members of
overseas Armenian businesses with 30% ownership. HSBC Bank Armenia CJSC
offers a range of products and services to individual as well as
corporate customers in Armenia and abroad."
