Software Developer,"The responsibilities of this position are focused on
core software development tasks in Synergy International Systems, Inc.
This position will be filled by a software developer with a proven
history of producing quality software product in a commercial setting
with experience in all aspects of the software development process;
including design, implementation, testing and delivery.","- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software; 
- Perform the assigned tasks in the precise and timely manner; 
- Perform quality assurance tasks, such as testing of the software
products (developers testing);
- Document the software products that will be produced.","- Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related
discipline (Bachelor's degree in the relevant field, and Masters degree
preferred); 
- Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming;
- At least 5 years of successful experience in software development;
- At least 3 years of work experience in development of Java based
standalone applications and Java2 Enterprise based web-based
applications and web services;
- Strong knowledge of JSP/Servlets/JSF/JDBC;
- At least 2 years of practical knowledge/programming of client-side
Java Script/HTML/XML; 
- Work experience with and design of complex database systems under
MySQL, MS SQL, ORACLE;
- Experience in a dynamic workplace with solid software developing
practice is required.
Additional Characteristics:
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Ability to communicate, read and understand technical documentation in
English.","If interested, please send your resume with a
cover letter listing your qualifications, software development related
experience, and indicating your contact details (phone, fax, and/or
e-mail address where you can be reached) to:
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@...
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81.
Please, indicate the position you are applying for in the subject of the
e-mail message.
Candidates who meet these qualifications will be interviewed and will be
required to take a test. Selected candidates will be notified of the
interview dates directly.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Please note that initial consideration will be given
to the applications received prior to the date indicated above.
Thereafter, applications will be reviewed on an as-needed basis.","Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated information management
systems."
