Software Developer,"The Software Developer will work in the Department of
Software Delivery which is one of the service offerings of HSBC
Technology and Services (HTS). It is the software manufacturing
discipline within HTS that drives the development of the bank's Retail
and Commercial systems and provides banking solutions and services that
deliver projects on time and within the budget, meeting both current and
future IT challenges of the group. This job requires skills in
programming and application design, as well as knowledge of the bank's
operations and the workflow of all of its departments. The jobholder will
be required to understand user needs, offer and develop best fault
resistant solutions. He/ she will be also required to participate in all
the phases of software projects, from design to implementation, as well
as post implementation support. The incumbent will provide necessary
technical and design documentation.","- Participate in all cycles of software design and development;
- Assure full conformance of source codes to provided Coding Standards;
- Read, understand and modify the existing code;
- Assist in the development of accompanying technical documentation;
- Provide technical support and assistance, if requested;
- Ensure compliance with all bank and local regulations, procedures,
policies and standards.","- At least 3 years of work experience in software development; 
- Knowledge of C#, JAVA,  VBA, .NET, ASP and web-related technologies;
- At least 3 years of work experience with databases and mainframe
platforms (MS SQL, DB2);
- Strong knowledge of OOP principles;
- Knowledge of banking systems and experience in banking systems support 
and/ or development is a plus;
- Analytical and practical approach towards problem-solving;
- University degree from a relevant course of study in Information
Technology, Computer Science or a related area;
- Good knowledge of English, Armenian and Russian languages.","All interested and qualified candidates are
encouraged to fill in the HSBC Application form attached to this
announcement or located at: www.hsbc.am and e-mail it to:vacancy.armenia@... . Please mention ""Software Developer"" in the
subject line of the e-mail. Only short-listed candidates will be invited
for interviews.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"HSBC Bank Armenia was established as a Closed Joint Stock
Company under the name Midland Armenia Bank J.S.C. in 1996 and has been
renamed into HSBC Bank Armenia CJSC in 1999. The bank is a joint venture
between the HSBC Group, which has a 70 percent ownership, and the members
of overseas Armenian businesses with 30 percent ownership. HSBC Bank
Armenia CJSC offers products and services to individuals, as well as to
corporate customers in Armenia and abroad."
