IT Specialist,"The IT Specialist will be responsible for supervising,
monitoring and controlling computing systems to support the day-to-day
operations of services (Windows, File, Print, Lotus Domino, SQL, Server,
Application), servers (physical and virtual) and server clusters. The
incumbent will develop and maintain knowledge of database concepts, data
modeling techniques and design principles and a detailed knowledge of
database architectures, software and facilities. He/ she will be
responsible for a wide range of IT systems including Communication, Data
Network, Contact Center and Voice, Mobility, Video, Desktops and ATMs
infrastructure. He/ she will also assist with problem resolution and job
scheduling and ensure that strict controls are in place, and are used,
and that services are delivered to the standards set out in Service Level
Agreements.","- Responsible for IT infrastructure support and troubleshooting;
- Responsible for Server Environment Operations monitoring and control;
- Responsible for network and database administration;
- Responsible for user support, consultancy and training;
- Relocate IT inventory;
- Participate in IT projects.","- University degree in Information Technology or a related area;
- At least 3 years of work experience in the field of Information
Technology;
- Excellent technical knowledge in operating and database management
systems design and administration;
- Extensive knowledge of IT hardware, software, operations and networks;
- Good knowledge of English, Russian and Armenian languages;
- Analytical and practical approach towards problem solving;
- Ability to work under pressure.","All interested and qualified candidates are
encouraged to fill in the HSBC application form attached to this
announcement or located at: www.hsbc.am and email it to: vacancy.armenia@... . Please put on the subject line of the e-mail
IT Specialist. Only short-listed candidates will be invited for
interviews.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"HSBC Bank Armenia was established as a Closed Joint Stock
Company under the name Midland Armenia Bank J.S.C. in 1996 and has been
renamed into HSBC Bank Armenia CJSC in 1999. The bank is a joint venture
between the HSBC Group, which has a 70 percent ownership, and the members
of overseas Armenian businesses with 30 percent ownership. HSBC Bank
Armenia CJSC offers products and services to individuals, as well as to
corporate customers in Armenia and abroad."
