Video Game Workshop Leader and Educational Content Developer,"The Tumo Center for Creative Technologies is looking
for an experienced and dynamic specialist who will be responsible for
teaching workshops and creating learning activities and assignments in
the area of video game development. The Video Game Workshop Leader and
Educational Content Developer will report to the Curriculum Director.","- Teach game design and development workshops to Tumo students between
the ages of 12 and 18;
- Develop, test and fine-tune the game development activity content, as
well as research and suggest new approaches in activity design, focusing
on game design;
- Brainstorm and mock up ideas for activities that would develop the
students game development skills, present them to the content
development group and offer solutions for their integration into the
existing curriculum;
- Examine game design related learning activities and assignment and
provide feedback to users;
- Assist in the process of testing and evaluating the educational
content.","- At least 3 years of work experience in designing and/ or developing
video games;
- Advanced knowledge of computer programming;
- Knowledge of multiple programming languages;
- Knowledge of game development tools (Unreal Engine, Unity, Source
Engine);
- Experience in the field of education or experience in working with kids
is a plus;
- Passion for both playing video games and creating them;
- Communication skills, interpersonal skills;
- Ability to work well both independently and as a team member of a large
workforce;
- Ability to regularly ensure high work productivity;
- Ability to contribute to a stimulating work environment and maintain
professional ethics.","Interested candidates should submit a resume by
e-mail to: jobs@... . Please mention Video Game Workshop Leader and
Educational Content Developer in the subject line of the e-mail. If
available, please include a portfolio that showcases your skills and
background. If available, also include the contact information of your
direct supervisors from recent positions whom the company can contact for
reference checks. Please, note that the e-mail address from which the
submission is received will be used to reply to the candidate with
important information on next steps. Only candidates who are shortlisted
for testing and interviews will be notified.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Tumo is an after-school learning center in Yerevan where
teenagers acquire digital media skills free of charge. Thousands of users
attend Tumo on a regular basis and participate in its innovative and
self-paced program. Tumos Yerevan facility is a state-of-the-art
environment equipped with over 500 workstations and tablets running
industry standard applications and educational content. The Tumo
educational framework is based on a proprietary platform which promotes
learning through interactive game-like levels, exposing users to
increasingly challenging activities. To learn more about the company,
please visit: www.tumo.org."
