"Short-term IT Specialist, EU Targeted Initiative for Armenia","GIZ is looking for a Short-term IT Specialist for
development of a data base of a holistic remittances price comparison
website. The website will present transparent, i.e. understandable
information on money transfers, methods, mechanisms and details. It will
communicate the information in a comprehensible language, in
understandable and friendly manner. The visitors will be provided with
opportunity to see available options and get an idea about active RSPs,
learn transfer methods, compare prices and transfer rates, to find out in
which parts of the country the receiving services are available. The
website will have the opportunity of integration with outer similar
platforms.","Based on the conducted analysis and discussions held with stakeholders
the following goals are expected to be achieved:
- Create a database based on volumes of remittances sent by individuals
to Armenia, which indirectly shows the number of Armenian migrants in
these countries;
- Create a separate website including the database and other relevant
information.","- Experience in creating at least 2 websites of similar nature and
scope;
- In depth knowledge of HTML, MySQL and PHP;
- At least 5 years of similar IT experience;
- Good knowledge of English and Armenian languages; knowledge of Russian
language will be considered as an asset.","Applicants should submit an offer, comprising
the technical offer and the price offer, as a package containing 2
envelopes. The technical offer should contain the following information:
background, contact information, brief profile of the applicant (previous
work and experience) related to the assignment, assignment outline and a
CV. The price offer must always be separate from the technical offer and
placed in a separate envelope. The envelopes containing the offers must
be labelled. The closed package must be stamped or signed at the place it
is closed. The offer must be submitted to Deutsche Gesellschaft fuer
Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) GmbH country office at: 4/ 1
Baghramyam Ave., 0019 Yerevan, to the reception.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","The Consultant will hold up to 40 days within 4 months
for implementation of the tasks under the subheading 4. He/ she will
contribute to an interim report to GIZ in 2 months following the kick-off
of activities and also to a final report to GIZ in 4 months following the
kick-off of activities.","The action under the EU-Armenia Mobility Partnership is
funded by the European Commission and implemented by a consortium formed
of partner EU Member States with France assuming the role of the
coordinator of the consortium. The French government has designated the
Office Franais de lImmigration et de lIntgration (OFII) as their
operational agency in charge of implementation of the action and
leadership of the consortium. Equivalently, the Deutsche Gesellschaft fr
Internationale Zusammenarbeit (GIZ) is commissioned by the German
Government (Federal Ministry for Economic Cooperation and Development -
BMZ) with the implementation of Component 3 (migration and development)
of the Targeted Initiative for Armenia (TIA)as a junior partner of OFII."
