Web Developer,"The Tumo Center for Creative Technologies is looking
for an experienced and dynamic specialist to lead workshops and develop
educational activities in web design and development.","- Teach web design and development workshops;
- Develop, test and fine-tune web content development activities,
research and suggest new approaches in creating activities for web
development content with special focus on website structuring/ coding;
- Brainstorm and mock up new activity ideas that would develop students
web development skills, present them to the content development group and
offer solutions for their integration into the existing curriculum;
- Provide second tier support to users, coaches, and content development
team in reviewing the educational content;
- Examine web development related learning activities and assignments and
provide feedback to users;
- Assist in the process of testing and evaluating the educational
content.","- University degree in Programming from a leading institution of higher
education, in-depth knowledge in the area of web development theory and
practice;
- Strong knowledge of web authoring technologies: JavaScript, CSS, HTML
and PHP;
- Experience in the field of education or experience in working with
teenagers is a plus;
- At least 5 years of work experience in web development;
- Good communication and interpersonal skills;
- Ability to work well both independently and as the team member of a
large workforce;
- Ability to regularly ensure high work productivity;
- Ability to contribute to a simulating work environment and to maintain
professional ethics.","Interested candidates should submit a resume by
email to: jobs@... . In the subject line of the email, please
mention Web Developer. The email address from which the submission is
received will be used to reply to the candidate with important
information on next steps. Only candidates who are shortlisted for
testing and interviews will be notified.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Tumo is an after-school learning center in Yerevan where
teenagers acquire digital media skills free of charge. Thousands of users
attend Tumo on a regular basis and participate in its innovative and
self-paced program. Tumos Yerevan facility is a state-of-the-art
environment equipped with over 500 workstations and tablets running
industry standard applications and educational content. The Tumo
educational framework is based on a proprietary platform which promotes
learning through interactive game-like levels, exposing users to
increasingly challenging activities. To learn more about the company,
please visit: www.tumo.org."
