Database Programmer,"The incumbent in the position of Database Programmer
will serve under the general direction of Demonstration Project Team
Leader. As a part of this statement of work, activities will be
implemented to develop a Microsoft Access database to manage billing and
collections for subscribers of municipal water utilities in Armenia. The
job requires adherence to ME&A policies and procedures.","- Responsible for programming of the Municipal Water Utility Billing
database, including:
a) A tool for cataloging each subscriber to the municipalitys water
utility;
b) A tool for recording the monthly water usage and billing details of
each subscriber;
c) A tool for managing the collections;
d) A tool for creating and viewing monthly water use and billing
statistics for the municipality;
- Develop a user manual for the software;
- Install the first version of the software in a test municipality and
provide instruction to the users;
- Update and debug the software, if required, based upon feedback from
the test municipality;
- Participate in outreach and training events.","- Bachelors degree in Computer Sciences or in relevant disciplines;
- Deep knowledge of Microsoft Access databases and VBA (Visual Basic for
Applications), or equivalent;
- At least 3 years of practical experience in database programming;
- Technical knowledge of English language.","Interested and qualified candidates should send
their CVs, a brief cover letter, explaining why they believe they are
qualified for the position, and the contact information for 3 clients who
are willing to provide references to: cew@... . Please refer to the
specific position title in the subject line. Only short-listed candidates
will be contacted for an interview. Applicants cannot be government
employees or civil servants.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"The Clean Energy and Water (CEW) Program is a four-year
initiative funded by the US Agency for International Development. The
objective of the Program is to assist sustainable management of water and
energy sectors in the Republic of Armenia (RA). Within the framework of
the Program, technical assistance is provided to the RA Government to
build river basin management planning capacities in Armenia and to
demonstrate key water and energy efficient technologies at the local
level in selected communities across Armenia. For more information about
the Program please visit: http://www.cew.am ."
