Web Developer,"The incumbent in the position of Web Developer will
serve under the general direction of Integrated Water Resources
Management Team Leader of the Clean Energy and Water Program. As a part
of this statement of work, activities will be implemented to develop a
Web page of the Water Resources Management Agency (WRMA) of the Ministry
of Nature Protection of Armenia. The job requires adherence to ME&A
policies and procedures.","- Discuss with WRMA and agree on the structure and contents of the WRMA
web page;
- Develop the website of WRMA, including:
a) Designing the structure of the web page and integrating the content
agreed with WRMA;
b) Integrating the State Water Cadastre Information System (SWCIS) into
the web page;
c) Integrating a tool for online update of the SWCIS into the web page;
- Install the first version of the web page on WRMAs server for revision
and comments by WRMA;
- Finalize the web page structure and contents based on the comments
received from WRMA;
- Participate in outreach and training events.","- Masters degree in Computer Sciences or in relevant disciplines;
- At least 3 years of practical experience in web development;
- Knowledge of MS SQL Server 2008/ 2012;
- Knowledge of HTML, CSS, XML, JavaScript;
- Knowledge of technical English language.","Interested and qualified candidates should send
their CVs, a brief cover letter, explaining why they believe they are
qualified for the position, and the contact information for 3 clients who
are willing to provide references to: cew@... . Please refer to the
specific position title in the subject line. Only short-listed candidates
will be contacted for an interview.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"The Clean Energy and Water (CEW) Program is a four-year
initiative funded by the US Agency for International Development. The
objective of the Program is to assist sustainable management of water and
energy sectors in the Republic of Armenia (RA). Within the framework of
the Program, technical assistance is provided to the RA Government to
build river basin management planning capacities in Armenia and to
demonstrate key water and energy efficient technologies at the local
level in selected communities across Armenia. For more information about
the Program please visit: http://www.cew.am ."
