Java Developer,"The responsibilities of this position are focused on
core software development tasks in Synergy International Systems, Inc.
This position will be filled by a software developer with a proven
history of producing quality software product in a commercial setting
with experience in all aspects of the software development process,
including design, implementation, testing and delivery.","- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software; 
- Perform assigned tasks in the precise and timely manner; 
- Document the software products that will be produced.","- Degree in Computer Sciences, Information Technologies or a related
discipline (Bachelor's degree is required, Masters is preferred); 
- Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming;
- At least 2 years of successful work experience in software
development;
- At least 1 year of work experience in J2EE development (JSP, Java
Server Faces and Spring framework);
- At least 1 year of practical knowledge/ programming of client-side
Java Script/ HTML/ XML; 
- Work experience with database systems under one of the following
platforms: MS SQL, MySQL and ORACLE.
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Ability to communicate, read and understand technical documentation in
English language.","If interested, please email your resume with a
cover letter listing your qualifications, graphic design related
experience, and indicating your contact details (phone, fax, and/ or
e-mail address where you can be reached) to:
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@....
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81.
Initial consideration will be given to the applications received prior
to the date indicated above. Thereafter, applications will be reviewed
on an as-needed basis. Only short-listed candidates will be notified of
the interview dates directly.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
development company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan
subsidiary."
