Credit Specialist,"The Credit Specialist will provide financial services
to clients in accordance with SEF operating policies. The incumbent will
be accountable for the effective and efficient stewardship of his/ her
portfolio and will strive to ensure timely repayments while increasing
the portfolio and the number of clients.","- Ensure potential clients' awareness about the loan products of the
Organization;
- Ensure professional customer service;
- Analyze the applicant's loan request, business and documents and import
to information systems;
- Ensure clients' repayments in accordance with loan contracts.","- Higher education in Economics or Exact Sciences;
- At least 3 years of work experience in a lending department or
financial institution;   
- Skills in the MS Office applications (Word and Excel);
- Knowledge of ArmSoft AS Bank is an advantage;
- Effective negotiation and communication skills.","To apply for this position, please email your CV
to: cv@... . Alternatively, fax to: (37410) 20 28 21. Please, mention
the position you are applying for in the subject line of the message.
Only short-listed candidates will be contacted and invited for the
interview.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"The Micro Enterprise Development programme started in
1997 as a part of World Vision's sustainable development approach to
create job opportunities for the poor in Armenia. To carry out a
full-range of credit activities through urban and rural branches in
Armenia, World Vision International founded SEF International in 1998.
Currently SEF International is owned by VisionFund International  a
subsidiary of WVI specialized in microfinance. Since 2003 SEF is licensed
and regulated by the Central Bank of Republic of Armenia. Currently SEF
is operating through two branches in Yerevan, branch offices in Gyumri,
Sisian, Armavir, Artashat, Talin, Goris and Kapan,  Stepanavan, Vanadzor,
Ijevan and representative offices in  Meghri and Yeghegnadzor. The
majority of SEF clients are located in the poorest rural communities."
