Software Developer,"Synergy International Systems, Inc./Armenia seeks to
fill the long-term position of Software Developer. The responsibilities
of this position are focused on core software development tasks in
Synergy International Systems, Inc. Synergy's main focus is on
developing integrated state-of-the-art Web Database and Web Portal
systems for business intelligence, knowledge management and e-Government
solutions. 
This position will be filled by a software developer with a proven
history of producing quality software product in a commercial setting.
Experience in a dynamic workplace with solid software developing
practice is required. Ideally, this position will be filled by a
candidate who has experience in all aspects of the software development
process; including design, implementation, testing and delivery.","Specific tasks and key responsibilities include
but are not limited to the following:
- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software;
- Perform implementations in a timely fashion;
- Perform quality assurance tasks, such as testing of the software
products.","- Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related
discipline (Bachelor's Degree in the relevant field required, Master's
Degree preferred); 
- At least 3 years of successful experience in software development;
- Extensive development experience with current industry technologies
including Java, SQL, etc. and related tools;
- Working experience with and design of complex database systems (stored
procedures);
- Experience in J2EE development (JSP/ Servlets);
- Knowledge of one of programming languages (C++/Visual C++; VB);
- Knowledge of HTML/XML, ASP/PHP.
Additional Characteristics:
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills;
- Fluency in English.","If interested, please send your resume with a
cover letter listing your qualifications, software development related
experience, and indicating your contact details (phone, fax, and/or
e-mail address where you can be reached) to: Ms. Anahit Sargsyan, Office
Manager at: mail@... or mailarm@.... Phone: (374 1)
56 76 81.
Candidates who meet these qualifications will be interviewed and will be
required to take a test. Selected candidates will be notified of the
interview dates directly.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated information management
systems."
