Technical Support Specialist,"The Armenian branch of a US-based software company is
seeking candidates to fulfill the position of Technical Support
Specialist. As a member of the Synergys Support Team, the Technical
Support Specialist will be responsible for providing technical support
to the company clients regarding the software applications developed for
them. This position will be filled by an individual with a proven history
of similar assignments. Ideally, this position will be filled by a
candidate who has experience in all aspects of the software development
process, including design, development, implementation and technical
support.","- Respond to requests from company clients regarding Synergys software
application problems or questions;
- Resolve problems and provide ""how-to"" instructions to clients;
- Update and revise reference materials and work procedures;
- Work cooperatively and jointly with Software Development and Quality
Assurance Teams to provide quality customer service;
- Experience in a dynamic workplace with solid practice;
- Participate in brainstorming with other teams to improve both Synergy
products and services.","- Strong verbal and written communication skills in English language
(fluent speakers are preferred); 
- Degree in Information Technologies or related discipline (Masters
degree is preferred); 
- At least 3 years of successful technical support work and knowledge of
software development principles, practices, techniques and tools;
- Knowledge of HTML/XML, Javascript and Web-based application
technologies in general;
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Strong interpersonal and organizational skills and ability to deal
effectively in a team environment;
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Ability to analyze complex problems, interpret operational needs and
develop integrated, creative solutions;
- Ability to articulate to the Project Manager in clear and concise
understandable terms.","Candidates who meet these qualifications will
be interviewed and will be required to take a test. Selected candidates
will be notified of the interview dates directly.
If interested, please email your resume with a cover letter listing your
qualifications, previous experience and indicating your contact details
(phone, fax, and/or e-mail address where you can be reached) to:
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@...
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81; 54 40 24.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated Web Portal, Web Databases
and Web Services systems."
