Java Developer,"The responsibilities of this position are focused on
core software development tasks in Synergy International Systems, Inc.
Synergys main focus is on developing integrated state-of-the-art Web
Database and Web Portal systems for business intelligence, knowledge
management and e-Government solutions. This position will be filled by a
software developer with a proven history of producing quality software
product in a commercial setting with experience in all aspects of the
software development process, including design, implementation, testing
and delivery.","- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software; 
- Perform other related tasks as assigned in the precise and timely
manner;
- Document the software products that will be produced.","- Bachelor's degree in Computer Sciences, Information Technology or a
related discipline. Masters degree is preferred;
- Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming;
- At least 5 years of professional work experience in software
development;
- Strong Java programming skills;
- At least 3 years of work experience in J2EE development, (JSP, Java
Server Faces and Spring framework);
- At least 3 years of practical knowledge/ programming of client-side
Java Script/ HTML/ XML; 
- Previous work experience with database systems under one of the
following platforms: MS SQL, MySQL and ORACLE;
- Full understanding of the development lifecycle;
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Ability to communicate, read and understand technical documentation in
English language.","Candidates who meet these qualifications will
be interviewed and will be required to take a test. Selected candidates
will be notified of the interview dates directly.
If interested, please send your resume with a cover letter listing your
qualifications, software development related experience, and indicating
your contact details (phone, fax, and/or e-mail address where you can be
reached) to:
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@...
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81; 54 40 24.
Please note that initial consideration will be given to the applications
received prior to the date indicated above. Thereafter, applications will
be reviewed on an as-needed basis.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated Web Portal, Web Databases
and Web Services systems."
