Software Developer/ Programmer,"We are looking for 2 or 3 motivated Software
Developers/ Programmers. The team will be using Visual Studio 2005
(ASP.NET/C#) to develop a Smart Client orthodontic practice management
application, using new technology, such as AJAX. The incumbent will
develop, program, test and debug application using Visual Studio 2005
(ASP.NET/C#).",NA,"- Ability to communicate well in English language is a plus;
- Availability of own computer, internet access and a place to work
(home, etc.);
- Knowledge of ASP.NET 2.0 and C# and SQL, using Visual Studio 2005;
- Ability to learn quickly;
- Ability to follow directions and work hard.","To apply, email your resume listing your
qualifications and experience and cover letter explaining why you would
be a good candidate and where you will work to: mmatheney@... . If you have 1 or 2 associates who want to work together as a team, include that information.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","We do not want the incumbents having lots of
experience and programming their own way, but we want them to learn
new technologies in web application delivery and it is not a problem
if they dont know  programming a Smart Client application using
AJAX, they will learn it. The application will be designed in the USA.
The team of 2 or 3 programmers will follow the specifications given to
create the application, he/she will assist in testing and debugging. At
first the incumbent will become familiar with the concept of Smart
Client, then will start programming web based application in Visual
Studio 2005, using AJAX. When the incumbent completes this project, and
if completed on time, he/she will receive a bonus, and may have an
opportunity for a long term position. If the incumbent will not learn
quickly and work hard, he/she will be replaced.","Savant Technologies, Inc. is a small USA company that
provides network and software services."
