JSP/Java Developer for Lycos Mail,"The role requires dedicated JSP/Java professionals
that enjoy using the latest technology in a professional environment of
the Lycos Mail team. The projects concern the exciting Lycos Mail
service at different European locations, like UK (mail.lycos.co.uk),
France (www.caramail.fr), Germany (mail.lycos.de), Sweden
(www.spray.se), with inspiring traffic numbers at 600000 received mails
per hour and more than 5 million active users.","The key elements of the role are full life cycle
product development working in a technically strong team through
requirements gathering, architecture, development and release. The
candidate is required to work closely with the other technical members
of the Lycos Mail team in Yerevan as well as in Paris on new and
challenging projects.","- Technically the key skills are Web based technology, JSP, XML, XSL,
Java, HTML, DHTML with at least one year of experience. 
- Additionally experience with some of the following would be desirable:
Linux, Apache, MySQL, CVS. 
- Academic degree of a minimum BS is essential. 
- English knowledge is highly desired.","Please send your CV to info@....
You can also visit company recruitment web site at www.lycos-europe.am
for more information.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Please visit company recruitment web site at
www.lycos-europe.am for more information.","Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
