.Net Developer,"The responsibilities of this position are focused on
software development tasks related to the upcoming projects in Synergy
International Systems, Inc. This position will be filled by a software
developer with a proven history of producing quality software product in
a commercial setting with experience in all aspects of the software
development process; including design, implementation, testing and
delivery.","- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software; 
- Perform the assigned tasks in the precise and timely manner; 
- Perform quality assurance tasks, such as testing of the software
products (developers testing);
- Document the software products that will be produced.","- Experience in software architecting and design;
- Strong Object Oriented development experience;
- Experience in .Net framework programming;
- Experience in developing database driven ASP.NET web applications (is
a plus);
- Experience with Microsoft SQL;
- Experience in a dynamic workplace with solid software developing
practice is a plus.
Additional Characteristics:
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Ability to read and understand technical documentation in English.","Candidates who meet these qualifications will
be interviewed and will be required to take a test. 
If interested, please send your resume with a cover letter listing your
qualifications, software development related experience, and indicating
your contact details (phone, fax, and/or e-mail address where you can be
reached) to:
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@...
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81; 54 40 24
Selected candidates will be notified of the interview dates directly.
Please note that initial consideration will be given to the applications
received prior to the date indicated above. Thereafter, applications will
be reviewed on an as-needed basis.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
development company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan
subsidiary."
