Software Architect,"The Software Architect will be responsible for leading
business and web applications design efforts. This includes writing
design specifications and defining the development activities required
to meet the business objectives. The Software Architect will manage
hands-on software development and ensure the highest quality of all
delivered solutions through unit, integrated, and full system testing
activities. Efforts in software development will run from analysis
through implementation.","- Design and document custom software solutions which include database
models, software architecture, process flow, and web navigation; 
- Produce and maintain accurate documentation and code comments on all
aspects of software architecture including functionality, logical view
and processes, hardware and operating system environment, interface with
other systems, etc.; 
- Work with project leader to establish task schedule, subsystem
definition, task milestones, technical goals, and estimated effort;
- Mentor the development teams through hands-on assistance as well as
formal and informal training;
- Review and evaluate the architecture documentation, design and
implementation of the software. Conduct and participate in peer code and
documentation reviews.","- BS/MS/PhD in Computer Science or equivalent;
- Fluency in written and conversational English language; 
- Proven experience and outstanding track record in solutions
architecture and product development, including web applications;
- Ability to interact and communicate effectively with internal and
external teams as needed to clarify business, operational, or technical
issues;
- Ability to contribute to an effective software process including
design reviews, code inspection, and unit testing;
- Linux, MySQL, Java or C++ knowledge is a plus.","Please send your resume and cover letter in
English to: jobs@... for immediate consideration. Only
shortlisted candidates will be contacted and interviews will start in
June 2007 in Yerevan. Please include the code ""ad-sa-01"" in the subject
of the email.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lucipa Inc. is a software development company
headquartered in San Francisco, CA. For information about the company,
please refer to: http://www.lucipa.com"
