Senior QA engineer at Lycos Test Center,"The role requires dedicated and responsible person.
Our senior QA engineers takes responsibility for whole projects from
test plan until the testing is completed. The role includes a lot of
communication to our other development centers which are located in
Europe. The test center at Lycos Armenia is responsible for all testing
that is done of our products. The tests that is performed is for example
functional testing, stress testing, load testing, installation testing,
user interface testing etc. The test center is currently looking for
several persons with previous experience in this area.","As a senior QA engineer you are responsible for
whole testing projects. It includes tasks such as writing test plan,
performing tests, writing reports","- More than 2 years experience of software testing for example
functional testing, load/stress testing, 
- Experience of development in C++ or Java. 
- Experience of automated software testing. 
- Experience of Linux environment is good but not required.
- English knowledge is required.
- Excellent communication skills.","Please send your CV to info@....
You can also visit company recruitment web site at www.lycos-europe.am
for more information.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
