Senior Java Developer,"Synergy International Systems, Inc./Armenia is looking
for a Senior Java Developer to assist the company in building software
solutions. The responsibilities of this position are focused on software
development tasks related to the upcoming projects in Synergy
International Systems, Inc. This position will be filled by a software
developer with a proven history of producing quality software product in
a commercial setting with experience in all aspects of the software
development process; including design, implementation, testing and
delivery.","- Implement Web Portal and Web Database systems for  business
intelligence, knowledge management and e-Government solutions;
- Translate design requirements and specifications into robust
implementations;
- Design, proto-type, develop and manage the technical aspects of the
software; 
- Perform the assigned tasks in the precise and timely manner; 
- Document the software products that will be produced.","Degree in Computer Science, Information
Technology or related discipline. Bachelor's degree in the relevant
field; Master's degree is preferred; 
- Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming;
- Strong Java programming skills; 
- 3-5 years of professional experience in software development;
- 2 years of work experience in J2EE development; experience in Java
Server Faces is a plus;
- Practical knowledge/programming of client-side Java Script/HTML/XML; 
- Previous experience in the database systems: MS SQL, MySQL, and
ORACLE;
- Full understanding of the development lifecycle.
- Experience in a dynamic workplace with solid software developing
practice is a plus. 
ADDITIONAL CHARACTERISTICS:
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated; 
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail; 
- Ability to read and understand technical documentation in English.","Candidates who meet these qualifications will
be interviewed and will be required to take a test. 
If interested, please send your resume with a cover letter listing your
qualifications, software development related experience, and indicating
your contact details (phone, fax, and/or e-mail address where you can be
reached) to: 
Ms. Anahit Sargsyan
Office Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@... 
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81; 54 40 24.
Selected candidates will be notified of the interview dates directly.
Please note that initial consideration will be given to the applications
received prior to the date indicated above. Thereafter, applications will
be reviewed on an as-needed basis.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated Web Portal, Web Databases
and Web Services systems."
