"Software Developer for ""Strengthening of Municipal Service","The main goal of the Strengthening of Municipal
Service System project is to support the process of development of
professional, accountable and efficient municipal administration capable
to provide quality services. In the framework of the project the package
of questionnaires for recruitment and attestation of municipal servants
was developed. The software will be processed with random selection of
questions during competition and attestation of municipal servants.
The objective is to develop software for providing random selection of
questions during recruitment and attestation of municipal servants.
The Software Developer performs duties under the overall guidance of the
UNDP Socio Economic Portfolio Analyst and direct supervision of the
Project Coordinator.","- Analyze the software used for civil servants testing;
- Define main specificity of municipal servants testing;
- Develop software for municipal servants testing procedure based on
developed package of questionnaires:
- Develop option for random selection of the tests questions: 40 for
head positions, 30 for leading positions and 20 for junior positions;
- Provide the following percentage of questions in testing tasks: 10 %
on the Constitution of Armenia, 20 % on municipal Service legislation,
50 % on the legislation defining authority of local self-government
bodies, and 20 % on professional skills;
- Software to be developed should work on any Windows machine without
need of installing additional software packages.
Expected Outputs: Software for municipal servants testing procedures.","- Higher education in Technical sciences or a related discipline;
- Minimum 5 years of related professional work experience with national/
international organizations; 
- Ability to analyze problems, make recommendations and present
proposals;
- Demonstrated initiative, tact and high sense of responsibility and
discretion.","Applications can be submitted throughhttp://oc.undp.am/?go=vacancies&action=apply&ID=325 link, and
non-registered users must first get registered at:http://oc.undp.am/?go=vacancies&action=addCV, or delivered hard copies
to the UN House Security Desk, 14 P. Adamyan Str., Yerevan.
Applications will be considered only if accompanied by an updated CV,
letter of motivation and copies of diploma(s).
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.","Only short-listed applicants will be contacted.
Women candidates are encouraged to apply.
UNDP/ UN House is a non-smoking environment.",NA
