Senior Database Administrator,"Synergy International Systems, Inc./Armenia seeks to
fill the long-term position of Senior Database Administrator. The
responsibilities of this position are focused on functional
specification definition, design, implementation, and maintenance of the
logical and physical database and data dictionary in compliance with
application specifications, company policies and company standards. 
This position will be filled by a software developer with a proven
history of database administration. Experience in a dynamic workplace
with solid database administration practice is required. Ideally, this
position will be filled by a candidate who has experience in all aspects
of the database administration process, including design, creation, and
troubleshooting of databases.","Specific tasks and key responsibilities include
but are not limited to:
- Design and fine-tuning of the physical data model for an application;
- Creation of the physical databases for an application;
- Troubleshooting and fine-tuning of databases performance in production
to ensure maximum performance;
- Development of integration, replication and backup/ restoration
strategies;
- Development of required stored procedures for the applications.","- Degree in Computer Science, Information Technology or related
discipline (Bachelor's Degree in the relevant field required, Master's
Degree is preferred); 
- At least 4 years of successful experience in SQL design and
administration;
- Extensive experience in Microsoft SQL Server 2000, all service packs
and many hotfixes;
- Recent hands-on experience in SQL including stored procedures,
indexes, performance optimization and tuning, database architecture,
DTS, script and object extensions to DTS, OLAP, and XML;
- Experience in using VBScript as a part of DTS and other related tools;
- In-depth knowledge of fundamental data modeling rules and techniques,
database schema, security processes, performance and tuning;
- Knowledge of HTML/XML, ASP/PHP is a plus.
ADDITIONAL CHARACTERISTICS:  
- Ability to work under pressure and in multi-task environment; 
- Ability to work in a team while being self-directed and highly
motivated;  
- Excellent analytical and problem-solving skills and attention to
detail;
- Excellent interpersonal and organizational skills;
- Fluency in English.","If interested, please send your resume with a
cover letter listing your qualifications, software development related
experience and indicating your contact details (phone, fax, and/or
e-mail address where you can be reached) to: Ms. Anahit Sargsyan, Office
Manager at: mail@... or mailarm@.... Tel: (374 1) 56
76 81.
Candidates who meet these qualifications will be interviewed. Selected
candidates will be notified of the interview dates directly.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated information management
systems."
