Rural Credit Specialist,"The Rural Credit Specialist position will be
implemented by the employee, under the supervision of the Rural Credit
Advisor, in accordance with the WTMs (see About below) policies,
procedures, and guidelines as established by the Program Manager. As a
Rural Credit Specialist, the employee is expected to bring to bear
his/her experience and good judgment in the areas of credit analysis,
risk assessment, use of sound credit policies, procedures, and credit
monitoring skills. This work may require independent investigation and
analysis of the financial condition of an enterprise; an assessment and
recommendation of borrowers creditworthiness; written analysis of a
borrowers ability to repay the requested loan, and knowledge about
agricultural production practices, agricultural equipment, loan
structure, and collateral/security issues. This position requires
flexibility and close coordination with WTM team members, other related
projects/donors, and a judicious use of scarce resources.
The position reports directly to the Rural Credit Advisor. This position
has no supervisory responsibility. The employee will perform his or her
duties in the Yerevan office with frequent field visits. Occasional
overnight travel may be required.","- Work with the Rural Finance Facility (RFF) and MCA-Armenia to
establish lending guidelines that will be incorporated into a policies
and procedures manual. Lending guidelines shall address gender
objectives and environmental concerns as they relate to the issuance of
credit. Environmental guidelines shall be in compliance with the
Government's environmental laws and regulations. Work with MCA-Armenia
and the RFF to adapt the approved lending guidelines;
- Lead the development of a monitoring and evaluation (M&E) system for
the credit components activities. The Credit M&E will include program
benchmarks, reporting, gender and environmental issues, to name a few;
- Assist in establishing guidelines and standards for the selection of
credit providers;
- Be responsible for the credit components public awareness, outreach,
and program materials as they relate to the promotion of program
activities and accessing credit;
- Assist the Rural Credit Advisor in building the capacity of the
participating credit providers to increase the flow of longer-term
financing to the agricultural sector. Support credit providers in
applying for participation in the program, develop an appropriate credit
application, adopt appropriate and sound underwriting guidelines for the
targeted sector, coordinate needed training and demonstrate agricultural
credit best practices that lead to prudent and profitable lending
activity;
- Be responsible for providing assistance to the WtM beneficiaries that
will improve their ability to access finance; and increase their
awareness and understanding of credit for the purpose of making them
better credit consumers. This includes building financial literacy
among potential borrowers to make them more knowledgeable consumers of
credit, credit training that will enable potential borrowers to complete
credit applications, financial projections, and other related documents
necessary to secure a loan, and linking them with appropriate private
sector service providers. (This task will be on a wholesale basis
working with business service providers in the impacted areas); 
- Assist the Rural Credit Advisor to complete a needs assessment and
draft action plan for the credit components activities;
- Prepare monthly, quarterly, and annual activity reports or other
special reports as assigned;
- Keep the Rural Credit Advisor advised of all developments in
government and market conditions that may affect existing or future
program activities;
- Assist the Rural Credit Advisor in the overall supervision and
monitoring compliance of the RFF, the programs credit providers, and
WTM beneficiaries;
- All other responsibilities and tasks as directed by Rural Credit
Advisor or Program Manager under Water-to-Market Activity.","- Strong (proven) written and oral communication skills in English,
Armenian, and Russian languages;
- 5 years of commercial banking experience;
- 3 years of credit experience in a bank or credit organization;
- Strong interpersonal skills, a professional personal presentation, and
high professional   ethics;
- Strong analytical skills with attention to details and follow through
on assigned duties. Ability to meet due dates and timelines;
- Self-motivated, innovative personality and ability to work under tight
time constraints;
- Master's degree in business and/or finance or the equivalent;
- Excellent computer skills (MS Excel, MS Word, Outlook);
- Ability to travel locally, occasional overnight travel;
- Experience in the rural or agricultural sectors helpful;
- 2 years of experience with foreign or international organizations
helpful.","Interested candidates must send their full CV
together with a motivation cover letter to: office@....
In the subject line of the e-mail message please mention the title of
the position you are applying for. Only short-listed candidates will be
contacted.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"ACDI/VOCA is a private, nonprofit organization that
promotes broad-based economic growth and the development of civil
society in emerging democracies and developing countries. Offering a
comprehensive range of technical assistance services, ACDI/VOCA
addresses the most pressing and intractable development problems.
ABOUT:  Millennium Challenge Account - Armenia (MCA-Armenia) and the
consortium of the following companies - ACDI\VOCA (USA), ARCADIS
Euroconsult (Holland), and VISTAA (Armenia) - signed a consulting
services agreement, according to which MCA-Armenia will implement the
Irrigated Agriculture Water-to-Market activity through the consortium
headed by ACDI/VOCA.
The Water-to-Market (WtM) program objective is to build the capacities
for irrigation management organization; facilitating on-farm development
through demonstrations and training; strengthening post-harvest,
processing and market information services; and increasing access to
credit to enable beneficiary farmers and the agribusinesses that serve
them to transition to more profitable, commercially-orientated
operations that are environmentally sustainable.
The credit component is a sub-activity of the WtM project. Its objective
is to increase the availability of longer-term, affordable credit to WtM
beneficiaries. As a result of the WtM program and other MCA activities
there will be improved irrigation systems and rural roads that will
present new opportunities for farmers and agriculturally related
businesses. Improved access to credit will allow these beneficiaries to
obtain financing for investments which will take advantage of these
opportunities. The goal of the credit component is to significantly
increase the availability of longer-term financing in rural areas and to
lower the cost of this credit."
