Java Intern,"Internship opportunities are currently available at
the Armenian branch of Synergy International Systems, Inc. Synergy/
Armenia is seeking undergraduate (3 or 4 courses) or magistracy students
with the desire to acquire knowledge and experience in the field of Java
Web Development. During an internship, the incumbents will have an
excellent opportunity to gain an insight into the different areas of
software development. In a dynamic team, they will be able to gather
valuable experience and to combine the theory of university with
practical knowledge. The incumbents that demonstrate the best
achievements will be offered a long term position with Synergy/ Armenia.","On-job training in development and maintenance of
a web-based applications using Java Web technologies and databases.","- Education in related field;
- Proficiency in technical English language;
- Basic knowledge of Object-oriented programming and programming
skills;
- Previous knowledge of technologies and platforms that may assist in
learning web development in Java environment is an advantage.
ADDITIONAL CHARACTERISTICS:
- Ability to quickly learn and apply what has been learned in practice;
- Ability to work as part of a team and good inter-personal skills;
- Self motivated, able to grasp new concepts quickly;
- Good technical and analytical skills.","Candidates who meet these qualifications will
be short-listed, and interviews will be arranged with them. Selected
candidates will be notified of the interview dates directly.
If interested, please send a brief summary of your skills, wage
requirements (if any), work availability, and a resume to:
Ms. Hasmik Hovsepyan
Human Resource Manager
E-mail: mail@... or mailarm@...
Phone: (374 10) 56 76 81; 54 40 24
Please note that initial consideration will be given to the applications
received prior to the date indicated above. Thereafter, applications will
be reviewed on an as-needed basis.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this internship opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of
its website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Synergy International Systems, Inc. is a U.S. software
company, operating in Armenia through its Yerevan subsidiary and
specializing in the development of integrated Web Portal, Web Databases
and Web Services systems."
