Developer for Customer Support Application,"A challenging opportunity has arisen for up to 3
Developers to join our creative, professional and multinational
environment at Lycos Europe, involved in the design and implementation
of customer support related functionality (Change Requests,
Enhancements). The successful candidates should have ideally some
experience with workflow based or ticketing applications or customer
management tools (e.g. Remedy, Clarify, Siebel).
The positions will be mainly office based with occasional visits to our
premise in Gtersloh/Germany, if necessary to work with business
representatives during the design phase, deliver solutions and provide
upgrades where necessary/appropriate.
These roles require extensive and ongoing training. Thus, you are
expected to be enthusiastic to learn and either to travel to training
sites in the UK or Sweden or to join on-site trainings in Yerevan.","The key elements of these roles are the
development and delivery of new or modified functionality based on our
given Remedy ARS platform. The candidates are required to work closely
with the other functional and technical members of the international
Service Platforms Team. This comprises a close relationship to the Test-
and QA-Department as well.","- Good knowledge of system integration and practical experience of
planning, designing and implementation architectures in complex
environments.
- Knowledge of Remedy AR System 5.x/6.x, Remedy Mid-Tier, Remedy email
engine and/or RAC certification would be advantageous. 
- Relevant experience is beneficial;
- UNIX
- Solaris
- SQL
- C/C++
- Crystal Reports
- ITIL
- SOAP/XML
- Java.","Please send your CV to: info@....
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
