Senior Ad Developer,"To build up our European Sales Support Team in
Armenia, we are currently looking to recruit an employee for the
position Senior Ad Developer. In this role you will lead and manage an
Ad Development Team of 3 employees. The Ad Development Team is
responsible for customising our DoubleClick DART Enterprise system and
peripheral tools, as used by the Customer Care team and sales staff.
Typical customisations could be to develop templates for new ad formats,
test new ad formats or integrate with other systems like user databases,
reporting tools, CRM systems, SAP.","- Learn and understand the DoubleClick DART Enterprise technology and
functionality, understand the surrounding systems, and system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the DoubleClick
AdServer software;
- Prepare technical recommendations and define technical specifications
taking business requirements into account for development projects set
by Customer Care team;
- Prepare documentation;
- You will be responsible for completion of development projects within
agreed time-frames. Perform work planning, development, and second level
support for ad management.","- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 5 years experience of system development;
- Genuine knowledge of enterprise systems is a requirement and previous
experience with ad systems is desirable;
- Experience in Unix, Java, PHP, Perl, C, XML/XSL, advanced SQL
knowledge and Web server technology; 
- Experience of administering Oracle, MS SQL Server and/or Apache would
be advantageous;
- Basic understanding of operation and administration of ad tech and
enterprise systems;
- Work experience as a technical project manager is beneficial;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality, who has fun solving technical
problems;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills, ability to
handle multiple priorities; 
- Good communication abilities in an international environment.","Please send us your CV in English as well as an
Application letter answering below 2 questions to info@....
Question 1: Describe the stages of a small development project
preferably by using a project you undertook as an example! 
Question 2:  Explain what is most important in your opinion to make a
project successful and define in detail what are the measurement
criteria for success.
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
