Ad Developer  ID No. 2,"To build up our European Sales Support Team in
Armenia, we are currently looking to recruit employees for the position
Ad Developer. The Ad Development Team is responsible for customising our
DoubleClick DART Enterprise system and peripheral tools, as used by the
Customer Care team and sales staff. Typical customisations could be to
develop templates for new ad formats, test new ad formats or integrate
with other systems like user databases, reporting tools, CRM systems,
SAP.","- Learn and understand the DoubleClick DART Enterprise technology and
functionality, understand the surrounding systems, and system
architecture as it maps to our business needs;
- Become an expert in customising and integrating the DoubleClick
AdServer software;
- Development and maintenance of our Sales supporting systems;
- Programming of pre-defined project assignments.","- More than 2 years experience in Microsoft SQL Server and advanced SQL
queries is a must;
- Experience in Java, ASP, VBScript is essential;
- XML/XSL and IIS web server experience would be needed;
- University degree in computer science or a similar education;
- More than 1 year experience of system development. A previous
experience with ad systems and other enterprise systems are desirable;
- Very good knowledge of written and spoken English;
- Pro-active, calm, thorough personality, who has fun solving technical
problems;
- Analytically strong, excellent organisational skills, you like working
within a team;
- Approach of problems and new requirements in a very systematic and
detailed manner;
- Be reactive and independent in problems solving, document your work.
Additionally specific technical requirements:
- Experience in high load systems would be desirable.","Please send us your CV in English as well as an
Application letter answering below 2 questions to info@...
and state the profile No.2.
Question 1: Please let us know, why you are the right person fulfilling
the specific technical demands? 
Question 2: Describe the last programming project you have worked on in
detail (give us examples). What were your tasks and how did you deliver
them?
Please clearly mention in your application letter that you learned of
this job opportunity through Career Center and mention the URL of its
website - www.careercenter.am, Thanks.",NA,"Lycos Europe is one of the leading European Internet
destinations, operating a pan-European network of websites in nine
languages. Covering Germany, France, Great Britain, Sweden, Denmark,
Italy, the Netherlands, Spain and Russia, Lycos Europe is the no. 2
portal in terms of reach in Europe. With more than 25 million regular
unique users, Lycos generates more than 2.5 billion page views each
month.
As a general interest portal for a wide audience, the company offers a
full range of services such as communication tools (Email, Mobile
services, Messenger), communities (Chat, Dating), homepage building/web
hosting, shopping, search and selective content channels."
